Anarchist perspectives towards violence have always been perplexing and controversial.
Assassination attempts were carried out against heads of state, some of which were successful.
It was a notable feature of the international syndicalism movement.
How autism occurs is not well understood.
Maternal nutrition and inflammation during preconception and pregnancy influences fetal neurodevelopment.
There has been early research looking at hyperbaric treatments in children with autism.
Cryoconite, powdery windblown dust containing soot, sometimes reduces albedo on glaciers and ice sheets.
Single-scattering albedo is used to define scattering of electromagnetic waves on small particles.
The glint of light off water is a commonplace effect of this.
In the English grammar, "a", and its variant "an", are indefinite articles.
Variants also existed that were intermediate between the monumental and cursive styles.
are used to denote segments, lines, rays, etc.
Each county has its own elected legislative branch, usually called the county commission.
Following the Revolutionary War, it remained a part of Georgia, although heavily disputed.
Organized insurgent, resistance groups tried to suppress the freedmen and Republicans.
According to Homer, Achilles grew up in Phthia with his companion Patroclus.
Agamemnon agrees and sends Odysseus and two other chieftains, Ajax and Phoenix.
Paris was later killed by Philoctetes using the enormous bow of Heracles.
Grant's army moved steadily south.
He suggested that postmodernism and multiculturalism have diluted greatness as a concept.
He took blue mass pills, which contained mercury, to treat constipation.
Aristotle describes sleep in "On Sleep and Wakefulness".
The following is only a small selection.
Though interest in Aristotle's ideas survived, they were generally taken unquestioningly.
Conductor Walter Damrosch had cut them shortly before the first performance.
Gershwin strongly encouraged Ravel to come to the United States for a tour.
He collaborated on the original program notes with critic and composer Deems Taylor.
It is awarded to the best interior design in a film.
Furthermore, a January ceremony on Sunday would clash with National Football League playoff games.
The statuette depicts a knight rendered in the Art Deco style.
The term 'Oscar bait' was coined to describe such movies.
The film has no male actors, with all roles played by females.
by Josep Maria Benet i Jornet.
It also airs on Minimax for the Czech Republic and Slovakia.
Over four million copies have been sold worldwide.
Between these adjustments, it is composed of segments that are mapped to atomic time.
It is occasionally adjusted by leap seconds.
The clocks at different institutions are regularly compared against each other.
Does that mean they should be held to different standards of accountability?"
Effective altruism is part of the larger movement towards evidence-based practices.
These structures are intimately related to social attachment and bonding in other species.
Despite many negative reviews, "Atlas Shrugged" became an international bestseller.
She denounced libertarianism, which she associated with anarchism.
Since Rand's death, interest in her work has gradually increased.
Alain Connes studies operator algebras.
He also formulated the Connes embedding problem.
He was a member of Bourbaki.
Flying A was one of the first motion pictures studios in California history.
Print E-book
Farther inland, the rainfall is less plentiful.
The Fatimids even gave them money to leave.
The threat was so severe that residents abandoned the island of Formentera.
Dagny Taggart is the protagonist of the novel.
In a sense, he is the antithesis of Dagny.
The following secondary characters also appear in the novel.
More recent applications include issues such as human rights, legal pluralism, and political uprisings.
The title was soon translated as "The Anthropology of Primitive Peoples".
Why is development so externally driven rather than having an internal basis?
Agriculture, agricultural science, and agronomy are often confused.
Professionals of the agricultural science are called agricultural scientists or agriculturists.
A modern bibliography on Indian alchemical studies has been written by White.
Examples of Pagan, Christian, and Jewish alchemists can be found during this period.
Several etymologies have been proposed for the Greek term.
In contrast, theoretical astronomers create and investigate models of things that cannot be observed.
Observational astronomers make direct observations of celestial objects and analyze the data.
Related but distinct subjects like physical cosmology, which studies the Universe as a whole.
Lowercase letters were therefore not interleaved with uppercase.
Other schemes, such as markup languages, address page and document layout and formatting.
Over time this meaning has been co-opted and has eventually been changed.
Electronic automata were popularized by Disney as animatronics.
It was won by the film "Shrek", produced by DreamWorks and Pacific Data Images.
Stories and images can easily be adapted into children's books and other printed media.
Hecate, the goddess of witchcraft and magic, is the chthonic counterpart of Apollo.
In some versions, Apollo himself killed Achilles by taking the disguise of Paris.
They also threatened to change land into sea and sea into land.
Agassi and Graf formed a company called Agassi Graf Holdings.
Agassi was favored as he was ranked No.
Dating Barbra Streisand is like wearing Hot Lava."
In Myanmar, the Wa language is the de facto official language of Wa State.
The Mon language is a recognized indigenous language in Myanmar and Thailand.
Vietnamese divergently had an indigenous script based on Chinese logographic writing.
Almost all scholars have accepted this classification as the new and continued consensus.
By far the most widely spoken Afroasiatic language or dialect continuum is Arabic.
He knew of Semitic through his study of Arabic, Hebrew, and Aramaic.
Executive power is exercised by the government.
Influenced by the Aquitanian, Basque and Iberian languages, the locals developed some current toponyms.
Rifles and pistols require a license.
For example, per capita income is the arithmetic average income of a nation's population.
In statistics, the term average refers to any of the measures of central tendency.
There are applications of this phenomenon in many fields.
The Ravens were treated as an expansion team.
The team would change its name again, two years later, to the Tennessee Titans.
This assignment shifts each year and will follow a standard cycle.
It seemed on the whole dull.
Many of the animals who participated in the rebellion are dead or old.
Other titular variations include subtitles like "A Satire" and "A Contemporary Satire".
In newts and salamanders, metamorphosis is less dramatic than in frogs.
The bones are hollow and lightweight.
The skin thickens, embedded scales develop and the body divides into segments.
Denali National Park and Preserve is located here.
Intermarriage with Alaskan Natives helped the Russian immigrants integrate into society.
The Bering Glacier is the largest glacier in North America, covering alone.
Agriculture seeks to increase yield and to reduce costs.
Scholars have offered multiple hypotheses to explain the historical origins of agriculture.
This requires even greater nutrient and pest control inputs.
He accepted immediately, and quickly married the Belgian refugee Maria Nys, also at Garsington.
He had learned it by heart.
This "ended his early dreams of becoming a doctor."
Hence, the land plants are referred to as the Embryophytes.
The etymology is obscure.
These probably had an isomorphic alternation of generations and were probably filamentous.
As a consequence, it is difficult to define concisely or precisely.
Consequently, factorial designs are heavily used.
See also Lack-of-fit sum of squares.
Cyclobutane and methylcyclopropane are isomers of each other, but are not isomers of butane.
Nucleophilic Abstraction can be used to separate an alkane from a metal.
When haloalkanes are treated with metal hydride, e.g., sodium hydride and lithium aluminium hydride.
In some jurisdictions the mandate is known as the "remittitur".
These grounds typically could include errors of law, fact, procedure or due process.
This is not always true, however.
Criminal cases may lead to fines or other punishment, such as imprisonment.
Appellate courts nationwide can operate under varying rules.
In some areas, the appellate court has limited powers of review.
The New York Supreme Court is a trial court of general jurisdiction.
His plea having been entered he is said to stand arraigned.
The presiding judge also decides at what amount, if any, to set bail.
The wording of the arraignment varies from jurisdiction to jurisdiction.
It is included in songbooks in many religious congregations in the United States.
Just as Bates had been inspired to write her poem, Ward, too, was inspired.
Three different renditions of the song have entered the Hot Country Songs charts.
Adaptive technology and assistive technology are different.
Screen readers are used to help the visually impaired to easily access electronic information.
Similar to desktop video magnifiers, this technology assists people with low vision.
Teaching multiplication, e.g.
The beads are always in the shape of a diamond.
The binary abacus is used to explain how computers manipulate numbers.
Chemicals or substances having the property of an acid are said to be acidic.
Many Lewis acids are not Brønsted–Lowry acids.
The first category of acids are the proton donors, or Brønsted–Lowry acids.
Asphalt concrete paving is widely used in airports around the world.
Bitumen was used in early photographic technology.
Today the Bitumount plant is a Provincial Historic Site.
But he gave "a crisp West Point salute".
One possible explanation was the shift in complexity.
The astronauts were winched on board the recovery helicopter.
Additionally, without proper filters, the Earth image became saturated by any bright source.
The pill had little effect.
This project already had a name: Project Apollo.
Astronauts who took longer space trips were associated with greater brain changes.
Inspired partly by these missions, other synonyms for astronaut have entered occasional English usage.
Microorganisms have been observed to survive the vacuum of outer space.
Stylistically, Swift and Tertullian share the same command of sarcasm and language.
The individual also wore a T-shirt saying "Save The Planet, Eat The Children".
This stunt was understood by many as a modern application of "A Modest Proposal".
Lithium finds use as a psychiatric medication and as an anode in lithium batteries.
Their coordination numbers and shapes agree well with those expected from their ionic radii.
Their lustre tarnishes rapidly in air due to oxidation.
Beyond the logographic Chinese writing, many phonetic scripts are in existence in Asia.
Cyrillic alphabets include the Serbian, Macedonian, Bulgarian, Russian, Belarusian and Ukrainian.
The Old Hungarian script is a contemporary writing system of the Hungarians.
It is identical to the charge number of the nucleus.
The atomic number uniquely identifies a chemical element.
This proved eventually to be the case.
Medical museums provided examples in comparative anatomy, and were often used in teaching.
They face forwards in predators and sideways in ducks.
Valves seal the nostrils and ears when it is submerged.
If "P" and "Q" are "equivalent" statements, i.e.
The colonel has found such a letter, but with the Chaplain's name signed.
The opposite statement, denying the consequent, "is" a valid form of argument.
Probably there is no equal among film directors alive now."
Tarkovsky submitted the script to Lenfilm, but it was rejected.
What would be Tarkovsky's final film was dedicated him.
Creators of algorithmic languages try to avoid ambiguities.
Lexical ambiguity is contrasted with semantic ambiguity.
The order of operations may depend on the context.
According to Genesis, this was the first murder in the history of mankind.
Cain then killed Abel out of jealousy.
God accepted his offering but not his brother's.
Some humans also hunt aardvarks for meat.
The sides of the nostrils are thick with hair.
These burrows can be large enough for a man to enter.
It also emits a foul-smelling liquid from its anal glands.
They will also dig their own dens, or enlarge dens started by springhares.
Unlike other hyenas, aardwolves do not scavenge or kill larger animals.
Adobe bricks are laid by course.
Slow drying in shade reduces cracking.
Thermodynamic material properties have significant variation in the literature.
Adventure education intentionally uses challenging experiences for learning.
Examples include books such as "Hatchet" or "My Side of the Mountain".
Similarly, Helen Keller stated that "Life is either a daring adventure or nothing."
Cities, states and empires developed in these lowlands.
The Abrahamic religions including Judaism, Christianity, Islam and Baháʼí Faith originated in West Asia.
The religions of Hinduism, Buddhism, Jainism and Sikhism originated in India, South Asia.
Then the refinery was shut down and the island's economy shifted towards tourism.
Trees like "Caesalpinia coriaria" and "Vachellia tortuosa" are drought tolerant.
Various Protestant denominations are also present on the island.
France and Spain established similar policies.
Moreover, the Confederation had proven woefully inadequate and therefore was supposedly no longer binding.
Nevertheless, the Confederation Congress did take two actions with long-lasting impact.
In general, winds transport moisture and air over land areas.
The Atlantic has irregular coasts indented by numerous bays, gulfs and seas.
The South Atlantic is dominated by the anti-cyclonic southern subtropical gyre.
The affair additionally worsened the relationships among all three members of the Schopenhauer family.
This experience led him to spend some time investigating paranormal phenomena and magic.
This follows Kant's reasoning.
Angola has been inhabited since the Paleolithic Age.
In this urban culture, Portuguese heritage has become more and more dominant.
The capital and largest city is Luanda.
Angola is a majority Christian country.
The largest religious denomination is Catholicism, to which adheres about half the population.
The risk of contracting disease is very high.
A runoff election would have been necessary, but never took place.
Legislative power is vested in the President, the government and parliament.
The elections however have been described as only partly free but certainly not fair.
Block Zero provides the majority of Angola's crude oil production with produced annually.
Some efforts to recover have gone forward, however, notably in fisheries.
The Portuguese started to develop townships, trading posts, logging camps and small processing factories.
Angola plans to build an oil refinery in Lobito in the coming years.
The Benguela Railway connects to the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
There is an international airport at Luanda.
Besides the aviation regiments, there is also a Pilot Training School.
It includes a Marines Brigade and a Marines School, based in Ambriz.
To each of the regiments correspond an air base.
Gen. Gideon J. Pillow.
Johnston Middle School in Houston, Texas was also renamed to Meyerland Middle School.
Johnston was a proponent of slavery and a slaveholder.
Androids are a staple of science fiction.
Others, as in the film "Westworld", rebel against abuse by careless humans.
The word "android" was used in "" episode "What Are Little Girls Made Of?"
Northern Alberta is mostly covered by boreal forest and has a subarctic climate.
Seasonal temperature swings are less pronounced in western Alberta due to occasional chinook winds.
The oil and gas industry is also a part of the province's identity.
Development then proceeds with a free-swimming larval stage.
Only bichirs retain ventrally budding lungs.
The Neopterygii, in turn, is divided into the infraclasses Holostei and Teleostei.
Bruria Kaufman, his assistant, later became a physicist.
I will do it elegantly."
Relativity and quantum mechanics are together the two pillars of modern physics.
The Marco Polo sheep exclusively live in the Wakhan Corridor region of north-east Afghanistan.
Traveling by bus in Afghanistan remains dangerous due to militant activities.
With implementing Sharia law offenders can be punished by death.
Albania shares many symbols associated with its history, culture and belief.
Fërgesë is another national dish, made up of peppers, tomatoes, and cottage cheese.
Issues of ethnicity are a delicate topic and subject to debate.
Different theories have been proposed regarding the role of Allah in pre-Islamic polytheistic cults.
In the English language, the word generally refers to God in Islam.
No iconic representation of Allah is known to have existed.
Azerbaijan is one of the sponsors of the east-west and north-south energy transport corridors.
Livestock, dairy products, and wine and spirits are also important farm products.
Tourism is an important part of the economy of Azerbaijan.
Discussion group servers host numerous astronomy lists.
Narrowband filters may also be used to minimize light pollution.
They have several notable advantages for amateur astronomers intent on research.
At that time Ueshiba referred to his martial art as "Aiki Budō".
It also includes a weapons system encompassing the "bokken", "tantō" and "jō".
The art of is the primary technical influence on aikido.
Art as mimesis has deep roots in the philosophy of Aristotle.
Later, African sculptures were taken up by Picasso and to some extent by Matisse.
On the other hand, crafts and design are sometimes considered applied art.
Most agnostid species were eyeless.
The last agnostids went extinct in the Late Ordovician.
The orientation of the thoracic appendages appears ill-suited for benthic living.
A pregnancy can be intentionally aborted in several ways.
Abortion laws and cultural or religious views of abortions are different around the world.
Church groups as well as physicians were highly influential in anti-abortion movements.
After this is accomplished, no abstract of title is necessary.
It reveals no breaksin the chain of legal ownership.
Under United States patent law, the abstract may be called "Abstract of the Disclosure".
In response, they invaded British Quebec but were repulsed.
The ampere was then defined as one coulomb of charge per second.
This force is used in the formal definition of the ampere.
Algorithms are essential to the way computers process data.
But tests are not enough.
When speed is being measured, the instruction set matters.
Some common winter annuals include henbit, deadnettle, chickweed, and winter cress.
The seeds germinate in the autumn or winter when the soil temperature is cool.
Winter annuals die after flowering and setting seed.
They were formerly thought to be a clade comprising plants bearing flower-like structures.
Essential oils are oils which have been extracted from plants.
Gargling with salt water is said to reduce the symptoms of a sore throat.
Methyl salicylate has some anti-plaque action, but less than chlorhexidine.
During Philip's absence, the Thracian tribe of Maedi revolted against Macedonia.
Suda writes that, also, Anaximenes of Lampsacus was one of his teachers.
This river thus marks the easternmost extent of Alexander's conquests.
A few students took a biscuit.
Korzybski studied engineering at the Warsaw University of Technology.
The students looked at the package, and were shocked.
Developed by Digital Eclipse, it includes emulated versions of "Asteroids" and other games.
Players used to "Spacewar!"
The Mattel Intellivision game "Meteor!"
Some studies have supported a clade of these two families, others have not.
They are frequently clustered at the end of the plant stem.
They created a new order, calling it Asparagales.
By its inclusion, the order has grown enormously in number of species.
Together with the Acorales, the Alismatales are referred to informally as the alismatid monocots.
Vegetation may be totally submersed, have floating leaves, or protrude from the water.
In this respect however, the Pittosporaceae is notably distinct from them.
The circumscriptions of some of the families have changed.
Asterales are common plants and have many known uses.
Asterales share characteristics on morphological and biochemical levels.
Many are also used as spices and traditional medicines.
Asteroids become darker and redder with age due to space weathering.
Peters, A. Borrelly, J. Palisa, the Henry brothers and A. Charlois.
The location would be measured relative to known star locations.
In plea bargains, an allocution may be required of the defendant.
It is part of the criminal procedure in some jurisdictions using common law.
Some jurisdictions hold that as an absolute right.
Affidavits are typically included in the response to interrogatories.
Materials used to refresh recollection are admissible as evidence.
Thus most affidavits now require to be apostilled if used for cross border issues.
Aries contains several stars with extrasolar planets.
Its traditional name has conflicting derivations.
as a point south of Gamma Arietis.
The Babylonian star-figure appears on entitlement stones and cylinder seals from the second millennium.
The Eta Aquariids are the strongest meteor shower radiating from Aquarius.
They sailed for nine days before washing ashore on Mount Parnassus.
A common anime character design convention is exaggerated eye size.
In English, "anime"—when used as a common noun—normally functions as a mass noun.
It is classified into numerous genres targeting various broad and niche audiences.
Angoras are shorn twice a year, unlike sheep, which are shorn only once.
The United States, Turkey, and South Africa are the top producers of mohair.
This difference is particularly evident in the university educated segment of the population.
The modern dialects emerged from a new contact situation produced following the conquests.
This consonant lengthening is phonemically contrastive: ' 'he accepted' vs. " 'he kissed'.
Various other consonants have changed their sound too, but have remained distinct.
Don't worry, they all get punished in the end."
He continued night classes, this time in art history, painting, economics, and political science.
Hitchcock's film production career evolved from small-scale silent films to financially significant sound films.
Four species are currently recognized.
The name commonly used for the anaconda in Brazil is "sucuri", "sucuriju" or "sucuriuba".
They are found in tropical South America.
Most proponents of Altaic continue to support the inclusion of Korean.
The prehistory of the peoples speaking the "Altaic" languages is largely unknown.
They also included a number of grammatical correspondences between the languages.
The process of introducing the new written standard was led by Joseph von Sonnenfels.
Hence "S" breaks up into uncountably many orbits under "G".
In that case, the axiom of choice must be invoked.
In this case, "select the smallest number" is a choice function.
He may have had a nosebleed and choked to death in a stupor.
He subsequently invaded Italy, devastating the northern provinces, but was unable to take Rome.
Only fragments of Priscus' work remain.
Lesbos is part of the North Aegean Islands.
The Dardanelles are located to the northeast of the sea.
These issues are known as the Aegean dispute.
England was gripped by fears over juvenile delinquency.
She subsequently miscarried.
Subliminal penetration."
Amsterdam has its garment centre in the World Fashion Center.
There can occasionally be cold, snowy winters and hot, humid summers.
This building, known as the performance wing, was designed by Japanese architect Kisho Kurokawa.
For decades he was frequently published in the Swedish tabloid, "Aftonbladet".
The museum's archive contain material from memory collections and documentation projects.
Audi also sponsors the England Polo Team and holds the Audi Polo Awards.
Audi has assisted with technology to produce synthetic diesel from water and carbon dioxide.
Once again, the quattro four-wheel drive was superior, and Champion Audi won the championship.
For many types of aircraft the design process is regulated by national airworthiness authorities.
This dynamic movement through the air is the origin of the term.
Variations of propeller layout include "contra-rotating propellers" and "ducted fans".
He also developed sufficient literary skill to write poetry in English.
Nobel gained proficiency in Swedish, French, Russian, English, German, and Italian.
The family was impoverished and only Alfred and his three brothers survived beyond childhood.
Methane gas, he reasoned, could be produced from the waste of farms and factories.
Patent matters would be handled by Hubbard's patent attorney, Anthony Pollok.
That same morning, Bell's lawyer filed Bell's application with the patent office.
Alexander's conquest opened up the interior of Asia Minor to Greek settlement and influence.
It makes up the majority of modern-day Turkey.
The Hittites adopted the Mesopotamian cuneiform script.
A fun and clever logo that spoke to computer-savvy people was needed.
Allowing consumers to make informed purchasing decisions on the products they offer for sale.
Charles Sanders Pierce was a logician.
Aberdeenshire played an important role in the fighting between the Scottish clans.
An era began of increased agricultural and industrial progress.
Stone circles and cairns were constructed predominantly in this era.
Aztlan Underground have also performed in Canada, Australia, and Venezuela.
Indigenous drums, flutes, and rattles are also commonly used in their music.
They are often cited as progenitors of Chicano rap.
Meanwhile, they were held in camps run by their army.
The Emancipation Proclamation was an effective use of the President's war powers.
which allowed Union forces to begin moving up the Mississippi.
He authored numerous books, including "The Philosophy of Andy Warhol" and "".
The facial features and hair are screen-printed in black over the orange background.
Warhol habitually used the expedient of tracing photographs projected with an epidiascope.
His grandfather was Mikail, who in turn was the son of the warlord Seljuk.
The Cuman mercenaries among the Byzantine forces immediately defected to the Turkic side.
With a powerful army he advanced to the banks of the Oxus.
Early print copies of this catalog may also be found at local libraries.
The awards are a non-competitive acknowledgment of excellence.
The institute is composed of leaders from the film, entertainment, business, and academic communities.
Following Kurosawa's death, several posthumous works based on his unfilmed screenplays have been produced.
Kurosawa wasted no time moving onto his next project: "Madadayo", or "Not Yet".
Tora!
At the center of the temple was the cult statue in a shrine.
Its monumental ruins have inspired the imaginations of travelers and writers for millennia.
They called for additional research to be undertaken.
After "Pimp to Eat", the Analog Brothers continued performing together in various line ups.
It is thought that environmental, toxic, viral, or genetic factors may be involved.
Most cases are sporadic and their causes are usually not known.
Motor neuron diseases are seen both in children and in adults.
The Science of Arabic Letters, Abjad and Geometry, by Jorge Lupin
The first abjad to gain widespread usage was the Phoenician abjad.
The term pure abjad refers to scripts entirely lacking in vowel indicators.
Rarely, one of the consonants may be replaced by a gemination mark, e.g.
This description is expressed in terms of an abugida.
the half forms of Devanagari.
Fältskog and Lyngstad contributed ideas at the studio stage.
Her environmental work for the organisation led to the decision to record again.
The group's name is an acronym of the first letters of their first names.
Acquired allegiance was acquired by naturalisation or denization.
Attachment to the person of the reigning Sovereign is not sufficient.
The reciprocal duty of the subject towards the Crown is that of allegiance.
A vital feature of the Newton handwriting recognition system is the modeless error correction.
The stores were a model for the later Apple Stores.
They purchased them in large and small quantities.
Contemporary reviews were lukewarm at best, and van Vogt thereafter returned to science fiction.
His fragmented, bizarre narrative style influenced later science fiction writers, notably Philip K. Dick.
John W. Campbell's novelette "Who Goes There?"
Partnering with Likhovtseva, she reached the third round of the women's doubles event.
With Barbara Schett, she won the doubles title in Sydney.
when the series featured sport's most overrated athletes.
He suffered from chronic osteomyelitis for the last seven years of his life.
Under Jakob's guidance the department grew rapidly.
A hypothesis with no supporting, objective, testable evidence is not an objective, scientific claim.
Agnosticism is criticized from a variety of standpoints.
Without exercising all three, a person became "lopsided."
Air is the primary industrial source of purified argon products.
An argon atmosphere is also used for growing crystals of silicon and germanium.
Argon's complete octet of electrons indicates full s and p subshells.
A large variety of organoarsenic compounds are known.
Arsenic may be solubilized by various processes.
Private-dug–well waters are most at risk for containing inorganic arsenic.
Compounds in this class generally are described as derivatives of Sb.
In addition, antimony trioxide is potentially carcinogenic to humans.
Molten is a weak electrical conductor.
Ac can further capture neutrons resulting in small amounts of Ac.
However, evaluation of the concentration depth-profiles for different isotopes allows estimating the mixing rates.
The source of hydrogen in the reaction was uncertain.
Borides of americium include AmB and AmB.
Its common isotopes are Am and Am.
The rules associated with the disposal of smoke detectors are relaxed in most jurisdictions.
Most of the organic chemistry of astatine is, however, analogous to that of iodine.
The bulk properties of astatine are not known with any certainty.
The marked reduction for At was predicted as being due to spin–orbit interactions.
There are two types of quarks in atoms, each having a fractional electric charge.
This distinction accounts for the difference in mass and charge between the two particles.
This model is sometimes known as the plum pudding model.
Similar examples can be found in many rangeland areas elsewhere.
The use of artifices does not make land arable.
This technology is optimized to grow crops on desert land close to the sea.
Food is the main source of aluminium.
In very high doses, aluminium is associated with altered function of the blood–brain barrier.
Three metastable states are known, all with half-lives under a minute.
Advanced Chemistry helped to found the German chapter of the Zulu nation.
For Advanced Chemistry, hip hop is a “vehicle of general human emancipation,”.
This was part of the pro-immigrant political message they sent via their music.
As such it was a distinctly national phenomenon.
The Anglican Church of Australia does not have an official position on homosexuality.
The Church of England also permits clergy to enter into same-sex civil partnerships.
Den svenska infrastrukturens historiska utveckling och framtida utmaningar", and has co-edited several anthologies.
Etableringen av de första svenska gasverken" and "I fädrens spår.
Kaijser has published two books in Swedish: "Stadens ljus.
Artificial archipelagos have been created in various countries for different purposes.
Oceanic islands are mainly of volcanic origin, and widely separated from any adjacent continent.
The Farallon Islands off the coast of California are an example.
Additionally, how does copyright apply to fan-generated stories for books?
An advance must be earned out before royalties are payable.
the author.
As a privatdozent he lectured on differential and integral calculus.
He also contributed to many other mathematical aspects in his time.
The Church complied with his request.
In Existentialist philosophy, the term "angst" carries a specific conceptual meaning.
The dictionary definition for angst is a feeling of anxiety, apprehension, or insecurity.
According to Tillich, the last of these three types of existential anxiety, i.e.
It includes subjectively unpleasant feelings of dread over anticipated events.
Other treatment options include pregabalin, tricyclic antidepressants, and moclobemide, among others.
A special introduction written by Milne is included in some editions of Grahame's novel.
The bulk of A.
The school, A.
Alumni is still considered the first great football team in the country.
Ancient geometers maintained some distinction between axioms and postulates.
Such a hypothesis was termed a "postulate".
The truth of these complicated facts rests on the acceptance of the basic hypotheses.
Alpha also stands for thermal expansion coefficient of a compound in physical chemistry.
Cadmus.
Copulative a is the Greek prefix ἁ- or ἀ- "ha-", "a-".
The nightclub Toffler, in Rotterdam, is named after him.
Toffler was an associate editor of "Fortune" magazine.
You can't run the society on data and computers alone."
Eight additional pages were added per issue.
Peter began attending Empire State University in No.
The next major plot arc, titled "Spider-Verse", began in Issue No.
Cricket is the national sport.
The coolest period is between December and February.
This can be easily seen in phrases such as: "Ent it?"
Azincourt is twinned with Middleham, United Kingdom.
The battle was named after a nearby castle called Azincourt.
The battle, as was the tradition, was named after a nearby castle called Azincourt.
He followed in the footsteps of his father and grandfather and studied architecture.
Speer also sought to portray himself as an opponent of Hitler's leadership.
While dozens of submarines were built, few ever entered service.
A "ligulate head" has all ligulate flowers.
Barreda, "et al."
It refers to the star-like form of the inflorescence.
The flowers are nearly perfectly pentamerous, with five petals, sepals, and stamens.
The woody "Azorella compacta" Phil.
They then prey upon insect pests on nearby plants.
In the central nervous system oligodendrocytes form the insulating myelin.
The axoplasm is the equivalent of cytoplasm in the cell.
This is also referred to as neuroregeneration.
Brahmic family of scripts includes Devanagari.
Mandaic is written in the Mandaic alphabet.
Rather, it is a different type.
It became his trademark style.
Also, a fulminant course in adults has been described.
Patients treated with methylprednisolone have shown better outcomes than those treated with dexamethasone.
The disease affects males and females almost equally.
Symptoms of neurological dysfunction may be the presenting feature in some patients with hypothyroidism.
The antibodies impair motor learning and cause behavioral deficits.
These include reversible cerebellar ataxia, dementia, peripheral neuropathy, psychosis and coma.
At the age of eight, she experienced headaches that obscured her vision.
Emerald Fennell portrays Lovelace in the episode, "The Green-Eyed Monster."
She wrote that "The Analytical Engine has no pretensions whatever to "originate" anything.
Additionally, Derleth wrote a number of volumes of poetry.
Derleth retained custody of the couple's two children, April Rose and Walden William.
Detective fiction represented another substantial body of Derleth's work.
Some high mountain villages are car-free either because of inaccessibility or by choice.
The Ligurians and Adriatic Veneti lived in north-west Italy and Triveneto respectively.
The ibex live in caves and descend to eat the succulent alpine grasses.
Behind the scenes, he began working for imprisoned Algerians who faced the death penalty.
Camus drew parallels among football, human existence, morality, and personal identity.
It was rejected by both sides who regarded it as foolish.
Among her earliest memories were reading children's books by Mrs Molesworth and Edith Nesbit.
Harley Quin was "easily the most unorthodox" of Christie's fictional detectives.
Returning to Britain, she continued her social activities, writing and performing in amateur theatricals.
Despite the epidemic's ending, Tarrou contracts the plague and dies after a heroic struggle.
Homes are quarantined; corpses and burials are strictly supervised.
Two government employees approach him, and he flees.
Nowadays, ethical codes of conduct exist in almost every profession.
Whilst these three areas of ethics appear to be distinct they are also interrelated.
Both the real and complex functions are idempotent.
Some additional useful properties are given below.
The subdifferential of  at  is the interval .
An analog signal uses some property of the medium to convey the signal's information.
In analog systems, it is difficult to detect when such degradation occurs.
The voltage or the current is said to be an "analog" of the sound.
However, this decision has been called into question.
He was to lie here at the last."
Poirot focuses on getting people to talk.
Ustinov overheard and remarked "He is "now!""
Lansbury would find later fame in a similar role as Jessica Fletcher.
She was briefly looked after by her irritating companion, Miss Knight.
The same theme is used on all four films with slight variations in each.
Eta Aquariids meteor shower also appears in April.
Feriae Latinae was also held in April, with the date varying.
Jacob Grimm suggests the name of a hypothetical god or hero, "Aper" or "Aprus".
In the Southern Hemisphere, the month falls during the season of winter.
Numerous religious holidays occurred during August in ancient Rome.
The Kappa Cygnids take place in August, with the dates varying each year.
He frequently holds a censor or, sometimes, his flowering rod.
Moses said, "Take off your priestly raiment and place it upon your son Eleazar!
The rest of his tribe, the Levites, were given subordinate responsibilities within the sanctuary.
Grignard reagents react with carbonyl groups to secondary and tertiary alcohols.
Hydration is also used industrially to produce the diol ethylene glycol from ethylene oxide.
It was used as an antiseptic, eyeliner, and cosmetic.
At Ailt, Kildownet,the remains of a similar deserted village can be found.
Grace became a fearless leader and gained fame as a sea captain and pirate.
The ruins of this monastery are still to be seen in Bunnacurry today.
Early breakthrough poems include "Bricklayer's Lunch Hour" and "Dream Record".
Music and chanting were both important parts of Ginsberg's live delivery during poetry readings.
The three fish symbolised coexistence of all thought, philosophy and religion.
Every field "F" has some extension which is algebraically closed.
The converse is not true.
Thus algebraically closed fields are cyclotomically closed.
He later transferred to Leningrad State University, eventually graduating from there in economics.
Karpov defeated Timman – the loser of the Candidates' final against Short.
Nigel Short also supported Karpov's candidacy.
Press coverage of the event first aroused significant American interest in the automobile.
The series conduct races across the entire continental United States.
These phases include attaining maximum deceleration and modulating the brake pressure.
Anarcho-capitalists are distinguished from anarchists and minarchists.
It "can" easily be made "consistent" anarchism by applying its own principles consistenly.
Nonetheless, both anarchists and some anarcho-capitalists argue that Somalia was not an anarchist society.
Dramatic structure contributes to the complexity of Aristophanes' plays.
However, there are several variations from the ideal even within the early plays.
Less is known about Aristophanes than about his plays.
He became a welcome guest at the Wagners' home, Wahnfried.
Schweitzer's interpretative approach greatly influenced the modern understanding of Bach's music.
Through concerts and other fund-raising, he was ready to equip a small hospital.
Cowen states that Kirzner's entrepreneurs can be modeled in mainstream terms of search.
He also talked about Burke and the English tradition to sustain these positions.
The label endured and was adopted by the adherents themselves.
Often many different types of bacteria are involved in a single infection.
Ultrasound imaging in the emergency department can help in a diagnosis.
Ultrasound imaging may be useful in cases in which the diagnosis is not clear.
It belonged to North Jutland County.
The area is typical for the north of Jutland.
Clemens" with A Hereford Beefstouw restaurant across the cathedral.
On average, Aarhus is hosting one or two international sailing competitions every year.
The long-range hiking route Aarhus-Silkeborg, starts off from Brabrandstien.
Pierre de Fermat was a highly influential mathematician whose primary vocation was law.
Since amateurs often lack formal training, some amateur work may be considered sub-par.
That ideology spanned many different fields of interest.
However, from such people sometimes spring artists, poets, adventurers, saints.
In his later life he returned to his Catholic roots.
The issue of the Crusaders is by no means extinct.
Offerings of prayers, flowers, candles, and food.
On this day in particular, Catholics pray for the dead.
Radonitsa does not have special hymns for the dead at the Divine Services.
After several years, he secured the position of cataloguer at Bacheline-Deflorenne and at Lemerre.
France took a part in the Dreyfus affair.
Its protagonist, skeptical old scholar Sylvester Bonnard, embodied France's own personality.
Gide's surviving letters run into the thousands.
The heart of man held no secrets for Gide.
Withal there was something exotic about him.
Both the naïve algorithm and two-pass algorithm compute these values correctly.
However, the algorithm can be improved by adopting the method of the assumed mean.
One can also find there similar formulas for covariance.
Also in the Middle East they are often eaten with dates.
High levels of mold growth typically appear as gray to black filament like growth.
The almond fruit is long.
Parliament has two chambers.
The Antigua Labour Party government was elected with fourteen seats.
The prime minister and the cabinet are responsible to the Parliament.
Bernard Lazare identifies three forms of antisemitism: Christian antisemitism, economic antisemitism, and ethnologic antisemitism.
Since the government is not quick to condemn them, antisemitism spreads throughout Tunisian society.
regarding immigration and free-speech.
Azerbaijan is also an important economic hub in the transportation of raw materials.
In this case, practice of Mauritius and Singapore was studied.
The government has largely completed privatization of agricultural lands and small and medium-sized enterprises.
A small part of Nakhchivan also borders Turkey to the northwest.
Air quality is extremely poor in Baku, the center of oil refining.
Azerbaijan is nearly surrounded by mountains.
In return they become lobbyists for Azerbaijan.
This practice has been widely referred to as "Caviar diplomacy".
Karam Mustafayev became commander of the corps.
The Ministry of Defence Industry of Azerbaijan directs domestic military supplies for Azerbaijan.
These are Dollyar Air Base, Nakhchivan Airport, Sanqacal Air Base, and Sitalcay Air Base.
Geological turmoil continues in the form of devastating earthquakes, which have plagued Armenia.
It lies above sea level on the plateau and is large.
Temperatures in Armenia generally depend upon elevation.
Armenia also has a population of Catholics and evangelical Protestants.
Minorities of Poles and Caucasus Germans also exist though they are heavily Russified.
Most Armenians are Christian, primarily of Apostolic Church rite.
Concurrent parliamentary elections left Kocharyan's party in a very powerful position in the parliament.
Legislative power is vested in both the Government and Parliament.
Nontraditional churches, especially the Jehovah's Witnesses, have been subjected to harassment, sometimes violently.
Armenia's unemployment rate, however, remains high, despite strong economic growth.
The journey itself was extremely dangerous.
The two biggest contributing factors were the Coronavirus pandemic and the Second Nagorno-Karabakh War.
From neighboring Georgia, trains depart to Yerevan from Tbilisi railway station.
Since independence, Armenia has been developing its internal highway network.
Timetables and fares are published on Transport for Armenia.
Felons and those not fit for service are ineligible for contract service.
Five battalions were also formed in Ararat, Goris, Vardenis, Ijan and Meghri.
Many women from the diaspora arrived to serve in non-combat missions.
Moscow also deployed troops to Yerevan.
Soon, violence broke out against Armenians in Azerbaijan and Azeris in Armenia.
in some others.
Collectively, these churches account for the vast majority of the population.
The remaining statistics are from the World Factbook, unless otherwise indicated.
Executive power is discharged by the governor and the lieutenant governor.
The majority of lands in American Samoa and independent Samoa are communal.
The party system is a based on the United States party system.
Avicenna wrote on Earth sciences such as geology in "The Book of Healing".
The original project team stated "Why Avicenna?
Under the Samanids, Bukhara rivaled Baghdad as a cultural capital of the Islamic world.
He famously told England manager Pelham Warner, "There are two teams out there.
Traditionally the final Test of the series is played at the Oval.
Was it scare?
Literary criticism is the analysis of literature.
Modern mathematical analysis is the study of infinite processes.
The focus can be as diverse as the analysis of Homer or Freud.
He subsequently referred to himself as the "hero of Sumter" for this role.
His paternal grandfather, also named Abner, had fought in the American Revolutionary War.
However, there is considerable evidence to dispute this claim.
Early editions of the book include quality full-page photo-plates of important players.
Later he branched out to become a leading manufacturer of sporting goods.
Much of his early history of the game is considered to be reliable.
Is it snowing where you are, Mr.
Such circuits are sometimes referred to as a vogad.
This is very acceptable for communications radios, where compression of the audio aids intelligibility.
At the beginning of vol.
The Fresnel brothers were initially home-schooled by their mother.
This phenomenon became known as chromatic polarization.
His letters were received kneeling, as were those of the pope and the king.
In the East he was commanded to eat with the other monks.
expressly subordinates the abbot to episcopal oversight.
After the chimpanzee and human lineages diverged, both underwent substantial evolutionary change.
Nonetheless, their conclusions are highly speculative.
This suggests that Ardi was physically preadapted for bipedal locomotion as well social behavior.
Each worker typically performs one simple operation unless job rotation strategies are applied.
Marx viewed labour as a chance for us to externalize facets of our personality.
Workers in charge of the works of assembly line are called assemblers.
Adelaide airport serves many international and domestic destinations including all Australian state capitals.
Adelaide's early history was marked by economic uncertainty and questionable leadership.
It later returned to fortune under strong government leadership.
Garner's grandfather, Joseph Garner, "could read, but didn't and so was virtually unlettered".
However it was while at Toad Hall that he finished the book.
It took Garner six years to write his next novel, "Red Shift".
In that sense, almost all complex numbers are transcendental.
One may generalize this to "closed-form numbers", which may be defined in various ways.
The set of real algebraic numbers itself forms a field.
Category theory deals with abstract objects and morphisms between those objects.
For Lie algebras the definition is slightly different.
It is, loosely speaking, the symmetry group of the object.
An example of the latter technique is used to play the half-diminished chord.
Piano accordions use a piano-style musical keyboard, while button accordions use a buttonboard.
The diatonic key arrangement was also already in use on mouth-blown instruments.
Applications include speech recognition, facial recognition, and object recognition.
Researchers disagree about many issues.
The traits described below have received the most attention.
I was broke and on income support but the success was extraordinary".
The band was devastated, and the album was put on hold.
Their sales on the label are exceeded only by Gabriel himself.
Cosmic order is termed "rta" and causal law by "karma".
Genuine philosophical thought, depending upon original individual insights, arose in many cultures roughly contemporaneously.
It is named after its founder, Cārvāka, author of the Bārhaspatya-sūtras.
It confirms that pre-Socratic philosophers were making an early effort to demystify physical processes.
Strabo viewed both as the first geographers after Homer.
Such an accomplishment is more significant than it at first appears.
An architect accepts a commission from a client.
Educational requirements generally consist of a university degree in architecture.
However, the development was gradual.
Also, the American Psychological Association specifically says, "without an apostrophe".
An abbreviation is a shortening by any of these or other methods.
However, "some could have more than one meaning, depending on their context.
Her main festival was the Aphrodisia, which was celebrated annually in midsummer.
Therefore, Aphrodite turn them into the world's first prostitutes.
Zeus and Dione shared a cult at Dodona in northwestern Greece.
As long as no two people pay each other's bills, the relation is antisymmetric.
Partial and total orders are antisymmetric by definition.
He is the subject of various biographies and academic studies.
Hirsig later distanced herself from Crowley, who then denounced her.
after the latter's death.
No one can really hurt them, because they have no more material body.
None of the five elements can harm or influence it.
Those who fall, weighted by their bad deeds, will go to Hell.
Astrometric measurements are used by astrophysicists to constrain certain models in celestial mechanics.
Astronomers use astrometric techniques for the tracking of near-Earth objects.
In doing so, he also developed the brightness scale still in use today.
Athena is associated with the city of Athens.
Being the favourite child of Zeus, she had great power.
In the years following the Revolution, artistic representations of Athena proliferated.
Some "Amberzine" issues are still available from Phage Press.
The expansion, "Shadow Knight", adds Constructs – artifacts with connections to shadows.
Through the competitive Auction, characters may begin the game vying for standings.
Called mangalloy, it exhibited extreme hardness and toughness, becoming the first commercially viable alloy-steel.
Like oil and water, a molten metal may not always mix with another element.
These metals were also used to strengthen each other, for more practical purposes.
Not all artistic revolutions were political.
Oil paints kept in such tubes stayed moist and usable -- and quite portable.
They were aided greatly in this by innovations in oil paint itself.
Agrarianism is similar to but not identical with the back-to-the-land movement.
It moved beyond its original agrarian base to reach middle-class voters.
Similarly, the experimentation with the crops did not produce results.
Astronomers also measure the "apparent size" of objects as an angular diameter.
Astronomers measure angular separation of objects in degrees from their point of observation.
are also used, as are upper case Roman letters in the context of polygons.
Many acoustic scientists work in research and development.
The ultrasonic frequency range enabled wholly new kinds of application in medicine and industry.
These devices convert a sound wave to or from an electric signal.
Atomic physics primarily considers atoms in isolation.
Physics research groups are usually so classified.
The Auger effect allows one to multiply ionize an atom with a single photon.
Additionally, signers who learned American Sign Language as a second language vary in production.
However, written sign language remained marginal among the public.
That might override creole characteristics such as the tendency towards isolating morphology.
A compositional approach can be used to provide security for open platform applets.
Hence the same applet could appear differently depending on the parameters that were passed.
This made applets well suitable for demonstration, visualization, and teaching.
Many writers—perhaps the majority—avoid the discussion entirely.
The book has inspired an Amazon series of the same name.
While earlier alternate histories examined reasonably-straightforward divergences, Leinster attempted something completely different.
Loosely speaking is energy, is analogous to eccentricity, and is orientation.
The overall result is a lobe pointing along each direction of the primary axes.
These real orbitals are the building blocks most commonly shown in orbital visualizations.
These properties influence protein structure and protein–protein interactions.
This creates some sequences that do not appear in the genome.
This dipeptide is then condensed with glycine by glutathione synthetase to form glutathione.
A bridge carrying this road was widened, and carries the name Alan Turing Bridge.
As Andrew Hodges, biographer of Turing, later wrote, "This letter had an electric effect."
He continued to be paid consultancy fees by Ferranti until his death.
For shapes with curved boundary, calculus is usually required to compute the area.
The circle has the largest area of any two-dimensional object having the same perimeter.
There are either one, two, or three of these for any given triangle.
He then derived a maximum lunar distance of Earth radii.
The calculation of ephemerides also requires a consideration of the effects of general relativity.
The following table contains some distances given in astronomical units.
A craft artist makes handmade functional works of art, such as pottery or clothing.
Many artists work part-time as artists and hold a second job.
Others work in a variety of industries.
Actaeon may symbolize human curiosity or irreverence.
But authors were free to suggest different motives for his death."
His own hounds then turned upon him and pursued him, not recognizing him.
Adherents of Anglicanism are called "Anglicans"; they are also called "Episcopalians" in some countries.
In Kent, Augustine persuaded the Anglo-Saxon king "Æthelberht and his people to accept Christianity".
Others may privately use idiosyncratic forms borrowed from a wide range of Christian traditions.
As an example, Ioannina receives around per year, and Agrinio around per year.
From that point forward, preparations continued at a highly accelerated, almost frenzied pace.
The network covers the majority of the Athens coastline.
Anguilla was first settled by Indigenous Amerindian peoples who migrated from South America.
More recently, a Muslim cultural centre has opened on the island.
The territory's capital is The Valley.
Both names have the meaning "sand island".
Cartier Island is an unvegetated sand island.
There are no ports or harbours, only offshore anchorage.
It derives from fluid dynamics.
Moreover, we only need to solve one such equation to determine all other three.
Regardless, upon solving this equation for a moving medium, we then have
His pride in his working class origins never left him.
Subsequently, Mackenzie won a contract building a bomb-proof arch at Fort Henry.
The embarrassed escort confessed that he didn't and Mackenzie replied, "I do.
According to North Indian tradition, Ashoka had a son named Kunala.
This tradition does not credit Ashoka directly with sending these missions.
Tissa compiles "Kathavatthu", a text that reaffirms Theravadin orthodoxy on several points.
In other languages, however, there is no possibility for confusion.
The adjective "American" subsequently denoted the New World.
The medicine of time and fact may cure some of them."
Each task entry can have one or more "accept" statements within the task body.
When the language was revised, a new rationale document was written.
Work has continued on improving and updating the technical content of the Ada language.
Cuaron is the first Mexico-born filmmaker to win the Academy Award for Best Director.
He has two brothers, Carlos, also a filmmaker, and Alfredo, a conservation biologist.
In his films, camera movement acts as an extension of character emotion.
Although the Pneumatomachi's beliefs were somewhat reminiscent of Arianism, they were a distinct group.
Many Goths adopted Arian beliefs upon their conversion to Christianity.
Theodosius's wife St Flacilla was instrumental in his campaign to end Arianism.
He mitigated the use of torture in examining slaves by certain limitations.
Nevertheless, Antoninus assumed power without opposition.
Ulianowski also praises Antoninus for being successful in deterrence by diplomatic means.
Each byte of the second row is shifted one to the left.
Rijndael is a family of ciphers with different key and block sizes.
The proposed attack requires standard user privilege and key-retrieval algorithms run under a minute.
An example of anisotropy is light coming through a polarizer.
Another is wood, which is easier to split along its grain than across it.
Crystal optics describes light propagation in these media.
Alpha decay typically occurs in the heaviest nuclides.
Quantum mechanics, however, allows the alpha particle to escape via quantum tunneling.
This increases the disintegration energy.
Historically, other definitions have been proposed within the United Nations.
However, there have been many positive signs for extensive, global poverty reduction as well.
The situation may become widespread and result in more serious and permanent consequences.
It would, however, have been very slow.
Many of Babbage's original drawings have been digitized and are publicly available online.
These programs treat polynomials, iterative formulas, Gaussian elimination, and Bernoulli numbers.
Perusia also was pillaged and burned as a warning for others.
This provided an opportunity for Octavian, who already was known to have armed forces.
Through the Senate, Octavian was able to continue the appearance of a still-functional constitution.
Despite this, however, there is not yet definitive evidence of presently active volcanoes.
Seven nations have made official Territorial claims in Antarctica.
Several volcanoes on offshore islands have records of historic activity.
A few stations have a basic wharf facility.
Also, the United States Antarctic Program maintains two ice roads during the austral summer.
Antarctica's only harbour is at McMurdo Station.
Hailstorms occur occasionally in the spring and summer, but are seldom destructive.
The remainder of the state is occupied by the "Coastal Plain".
Wetumpka is the home of "Alabama's greatest natural disaster."
Officially, these non-consecutive terms are numbered only with the number of their first term.
She is the second female governor of Alabama.
The governor and lieutenant governor are not elected on the same ticket.
Athanasius called canonical all books of the Hebrew Bible including Baruch, while excluding Esther.
In general use, the word "apocrypha" came to mean "false, spurious, bad, or heretical".
They were referred to as "ecclesiastical" works by Rufinus.
Still, the idea was rejected by Argentina, Australia, Chile, France, and Norway.
The Departments of the Treasury, Commerce, Transportation, and the Interior share enforcement responsibilities.
The treaty was the first arms control agreement established during the Cold War.
All remaining buildings were demolished and removed.
His attempt to explain Lawsonomy to the senators ended in mutual frustration and bafflement.
The company's plant was sited at Green Bay, Wisconsin.
No.
Rider fares are subsidized through this funding, and are free for children under five.
There is also a branch to Eagle Grove that leaves Ames to the north.
Abalone are normally found on rocks near food sources such as kelp.
Divers dive from boats, kayaks, tube floats, or directly off the shore.
Worldwide, abalone pearls have also been collected for centuries.
Also granted exceptional rights was the Abbess of the Cistercian order in Conversano Italy.
However, there are significant limitations.
She does not receive a mitre as part of the ceremony.
Absorption of drugs administered orally was shown to be significantly affected following abdominal surgery.
The most common abdominal surgeries are described below.
Abensberg has a long tradition of museums.
After the occupation ended, he was however dispossessed.
The swords recall the Battle of Abensberg.
Arminians across Holland were removed from office, imprisoned, banished, and sworn to silence.
Arminius's followers, not wanting to adopt their leader's name, called themselves the Remonstrants.
Maurice systematically removed Arminian magistrates from office and called a national synod at Dordrecht.
Other singers, such as Arthur Brown, Steve Harley, Gary Brooker, Dave Terry a.k.a.
Pilot's keyboardist Billy Lyall contributed.
There were fewer hit singles, and declining album sales.
The real line can be thought of as a one-dimensional Euclidean space.
This use occurs in philosophy as well.
Each carbon atom in the hexagonal cycle has four electrons to share.
In Bergman cyclization the reactants are an enyne plus a hydrogen donor.
Other photochemical cycloaddition reactions with alkenes occur through excimers.
The physic garden occupied the north east corner of the Abbey.
They held a position between monks and secular canons.
They refused to be separated from him and built their cells close to him.
Before "Annales," French history supposedly happened in Paris.
He frequently lectures and teaches in the United States, Spain, Mexico, Brazil and Argentina.
Multiple responses were attempted by the school.
Antiparticles are created everywhere in the universe where high-energy particle collisions take place.
Scientists claim that antimatter is the costliest material to make.
To prevent confusion, however, the two conventions are never mixed.
Gaudí represents an animal's spine by using tiles of different colors on one side.
It is the main floor of the building.
The award was given to another architect that year despite Gaudí's design.
These two buildings make up the Porter's Lodge pavilion.
This lookout offers the most complete view of Barcelona and the bay.
To that, the Catalan artist adds creative liberty and an imaginative, ornamental creation.
Gaudí wanted the people who lived in the flats to all know each other.
The work was done by the architects Joseph Emilio Hernández-Cros and Rafael Vila.
This would become one of the major influences in his architecture to come.
Another difficulty was the difference in masses of the electron and the proton.
Some particles, such as the photon, are their own antiparticle.
The laws of nature are very nearly symmetrical with respect to particles and antiparticles.
Don't write scenes where I was there."
This was not the case.
We were also never paid for touring."
In mathematics, addition and multiplication of real numbers is associative.
In standard truth-functional propositional logic, "association", or "associativity" are two valid rules of replacement.
It can be especially problematic in parallel computing.
The Apache Software Foundation is a decentralized open source community of developers.
They came to be known as the Apache Group.
People with disabilities cannot be treated as "less than" other customers.
Some researchers believe that the law has been ineffectual.
They cannot ask what the person's disabilities are.
Availability is usually limited to small runs in response to demand.
Several Apple I clones and replicas have been released in recent years.
These recovered boards were then destroyed by Apple, contributing to their rarity today.
In "Apatosaurus louisae", the atlas-axis complex of the first cervicals is nearly fused.
It may have eaten ferns, cycadeoids, seed ferns, horsetails, and algae.
The conclusions of Cobley "etal."
All of the teeth had saw-like edges.
The locals had identified such bones as "petrified horse hoofs".
The roof of the braincase was thin, perhaps to improve thermoregulation for the brain.
In Russia, the Kalashnikov is a tremendous source of national pride.
The proliferation of this weapon is reflected by more than just numbers.
This simplified the design and production of the rifle.
Each sheet could be written or read in one second.
He submitted many of these problems to Atanasoff.
The input and output levels and operating voltages were compatible between the different gates.
For decades, Chile claimed ownership of land on the eastern side of the Andes.
The Andes Mountains form a north–south axis of cultural influences.
This list contains some of the major peaks in the Andes mountain range.
Bruce anchors can have difficulty penetrating weedy bottoms and grass.
Different types of anchor are designed to hold in different types of holding ground.
It is shaped like an inverted mushroom, the head becoming buried in the silt.
It continued to be a place of much importance throughout the Abbasid period.
The famous governor al-Hajjaj ibn Yusuf cleared the canals of the city.
There he died and was buried at the palace he had built.
A stadium and a theatre lie outside the walls to the south.
Also nearby are some beautiful mosaics discovered in a farmers field.
It was situated on the Pyramus.
Anagrams used for titles afford scope for some types of wit.
Later, Kabbalists took this up with enthusiasm, calling anagrams "temurah".
The origins of these are not documented.
As herds of domestic reindeer have declined, herds of wild caribou have increased.
Much of the region has beautiful landscapes, dominated by often spectacular, rugged mountains.
There are ten species of salmon inhabiting the Anadyr river basin.
He also applied mathematics in generalizing physical laws from these experimental results.
He spent his childhood and adolescence at the family property at Poleymieux-au-Mont-d'Or near Lyon.
Ammonia is a constituent of tobacco smoke.
Ammonium is excreted in the urine, resulting in net acid loss.
It is an important source of nitrogen for living systems.
Amethyst may exhibit one or both secondary hues, red and blue.
Amethyst occurs at many localities in the United States.
Other names for green quartz are vermarine or lime citrine.
Numerous coal seams represent ancient peat swamps.
Sharks, rays, sturgeons, bowfins, gars and the gar-like "Aspidorhynchus" made up the fish fauna.
Two skin impressions from "Albertosaurus" are known, both showing scales.
Despite different appearances, different syntactic forms generally generate the same numeric machine code.
They define the type of data, the length and the alignment of data.
Typical uses are device drivers, low-level embedded systems, and real-time systems.
Ambrosia is very closely related to the gods' other form of sustenance, "nectar".
Dionysus, enraged by the king's actions, drove him mad.
Those who consume ambrosia typically have ichor, not blood, in their veins.
Nevertheless, the strength of the Arians proved a formidable task for Ambrose.
One of these canceled the 'law of toleration' Gratian had previously issued at Sirmium.
Theodosius's predecessors Constantine, Constantius, and Valens had all been semi-Arians.
After the expulsion of Gorgus's son Periander its government developed into a strong democracy.
Ambraciot politics featured many frontier disputes with the Amphilochians and Acarnanians.
In Byzantine times a new settlement took its place under the name of Arta.
It has also been used as a healing agent in folk medicine.
Sustained heat and pressure drives off terpenes and results in the formation of amber.
These ambers are formed from resins with a sesquiterpenoid base, such as cadinene.
Childebert defeated the Visigothic army and took Narbonne.
The older son, Gesalec, was chosen as king but his reign was disastrous.
Alphorns are today used as musical instruments.
Surviving artifacts, dating back to as far as ca.
The alphorn is carved from solid softwood, generally spruce but sometimes pine.
In peacetime, a Soviet army was usually subordinate to a military district.
In theory, every Englishman had an obligation to serve for forty days.
Troops for foreign expeditions were raised upon an "ad hoc" basis.
The modern American alligator is well represented in the fossil record of the Pleistocene.
Their name derives from the Spanish "el lagarto", which means "the lizard".
Alder leaves and sometimes catkins are used as food by numerous butterflies and moths.
From Alaska to Oregon, "Alnus viridis" subsp.
The bacterium absorbs nitrogen from the air and makes it available to the tree.
He had helped recruit students and even paid tuition for some of them.
So we fell apart".
The Germantown school, however, was faltering; soon only eight pupils remained.
An evolutionary reason for the phobia remains unresolved.
However, a phobia is an irrational fear as opposed to a rational fear.
The first line of treatment is systematic desensitization – also known as exposure therapy.
Alabaster is mined and then sold in blocks to alabaster workshops.
Both are easy to work and slightly soluble in water.
The effect of heating appears to be a partial dehydration of the gypsum.
Ahab married Jezebel, the daughter of the King of Tyre.
During Ahab's reign, Moab, which had been conquered by his father, remained tributary.
Jezreel has been identified as Ahab's fortified chariot and cavalry base.
Fossil taxa follow McKenna and Bell, with modifications following Kramarz.
The cheek teeth are hypsodont and flat-crowned.
Their fur is a reddish or dark colour above, with a paler underside.
Algol is a multiple-star system with three confirmed and two suspected stellar components.
Hipparchus and Pliny made this a separate, though connected, constellation.
This system also exhibits x-ray and radio wave flares.
But I wasn't taking any chances."
He began studying Christian theology and later became an abolitionist.
Newton wrote the words from personal experience.
It is a brand marketed by Verizon Media.
Under his leadership, the company invested in media brands and advertising technologies.
he said.
It was also used by the Ethiopian church.
Systems in use included consular dating, imperial regnal year dating, and Creation dating.
This accounts for the seven- or eight-year discrepancy between the Gregorian and Ethiopian calendars.
It seems that he made many of these men his closest friends and counsellors.
They referred to him as 'David', a reference to the Biblical king David.
Virtually nothing is known of his parents, family background, or origin.
Angilbert's poems were published by Ernst Dümmler in the "Monumenta Germaniae Historica".
At one time, he served an officer of the maritime provinces.
Charlemagne was referred to as "David", a reference to the Biblical king David.
Alkyl amines characteristically feature tetrahedral nitrogen centers.
Amines possess a characteristic ammonia smell, liquid amines have a distinctive "fishy" smell.
The intrinsic basicity of amines, i.e.
Most familiar systems cannot achieve negative temperatures because adding energy always increases their entropy.
The kinetic energy of the ground state cannot be removed.
The most transparent definition of this standard comes from the Maxwell–Boltzmann distribution.
Some properties of adiabats on a "P"–"V" diagram are indicated.
The assumption that a process is adiabatic is a frequently made simplifying assumption.
There is always some heat loss, as no perfect insulators exist.
Cyclic amides are called lactams; they are necessarily secondary or tertiary amides.
Elimination of water in the hemiaminal to the imine is not observed.
Therefore, amides don't have as clearly noticeable acid–base properties in water.
Animism is not the same as pantheism, although the two are sometimes confused.
Animist beliefs can also be expressed through artwork.
The restoration of balance results in the elimination of the ailment.
Like many composers of the time, Vivaldi faced financial difficulties in his later years.
The prince sponsored many musicians including Alessandro Scarlatti and George Frideric Handel.
Vivaldi's music was innovative.
A little past Meiringen, near Brienz, the river expands into Lake Brienz.
Right after Innertkirchen it is joined by its first major tributary, the Gamderwasser.
The Rhine, in turn, empties into the North Sea after crossing into the Netherlands.
As a result, Scott used the space as a proving-ground for new technologies.
Mrs Maxwell Scott.
On Dame Jean's death the Abbotsford Trust was established to safeguard the estate.
He was also mentioned as the father of thirty nations.
One person who escaped capture came and told Abram what happened.
This became a problem for the herdsmen, who were assigned to each family's cattle.
Haer".
They in turn originate a second series, who create a second heaven.
This form was also referred to as the Anguipede.
Absalom's end was beset with terrors.
At first, however, the despair of David knew no bounds.
Hushai reproached him: "Why didst thou marry a captive?"
He also added subsidiary chambers.
In the Eleventh Dynasty Mentuhotep I added a colonnade and altars.
The temple was renewed and enlarged by these pharaohs as well.
Abydos is mentioned in the "Tabula Peutingeriana" and Antonine Itinerary.
According to Aristotle, Abydos had an oligarchic constitution at this time.
The city's acropolis is known in Turkish as Mal Tepe.
Acacias can be planted for erosion control, especially after mining or construction damage.
It is also used to make homes for different animals.
The ancient Egyptians used acacia gum in paints.
Colosio cabs travel through most of the tourist area of Acapulco.
Eighty percent arrive by land and eighteen percent by air.
Nightclubs change names and owners frequently.
Before and during this time, he worked as a professional jazz guitarist.
The big idea is "messaging".
Their mentorship greatly inspired Kay's evolving views on objects and programming.
At the time, Sperry had nothing.
It has also inspired several other programming languages.
Its central datatype is the multidimensional array.
Call-by-name has certain effects in contrast to call-by-reference.
Paper tape 'full' mode allowed lower case.
This test contains an example of call-by-name.
The condition defaults to matching every record.
The default action is to print the record.
This program can be represented in several ways.
Fólkvangr is a rarely depicted realm of Asgard.
Historians refer to three principal sources that depict Asgard.
They train daily against each other to hone their combat skills.
Almost all the rocks show evidence of impact process effects.
Budget cuts forced the cancellation of three of these.
Several missions were planned for but were canceled before details were finalized.
Canada also has a three-tier system: assault, assault causing bodily harm and aggravated assault.
South African law does not draw the distinction between assault and battery.
This concept of honor is akin to a zero-sum game.
But we believe that none but Light-Elves inhabit these mansions now.
It is not indicated whether these heavens are identical to Álfheim or distinct.
Further, the three gods gave them clothing and names.
The brothers were once walking along a beach and found two trees there.
The latter etymology has resulted in a number of theories.
The Alabama River has three lock and dams between Montgomery and the Mobile River.
The channel of the river has been considerably improved by the federal government.
The river crosses the richest agricultural and timber districts of the state.
Alan's philosophy was a sort of mixture of Aristotelian logic and Neoplatonic philosophy.
His mysticism, however, is far from being as absolute as that of the Victorines.
that gives his treatise its apparent originality.
At that time, the entire frontier was being fortified for the first time.
The Gauls had called to Rome for military aid.
When he became ill, the Alemanni claimed to have put a hex on him.
As chairman, Kolton oversaw the introduction of options trading.
It is like nothing else under the astonished sky that is its only roof."
Darwin was impressed by the idea.
However, Malcolm Kottler showed that Wallace was indeed discussing individual variations.
Thus it might contribute to the development of new species.
Gillard remained Prime Minister in a hung parliament following the election.
Many members are only active during election campaigns.
Preselections, particularly for safe Labor seats, can sometimes be strongly contested.
He is later captured by the Red Queen's forces.
In the Disney film, the Dodo plays a much greater role in the story.
The Dodo is also the leader of the caucus race.
He had early two children: Frederick and Anna.
He was a member of the Franconian branch of the House of Hohenzollern.
When Charles left Germany a few weeks later, Albert renewed his depredations in Franconia.
Albert's entanglements in Saxony stemmed from his desire to expand his inherited estates there.
Around this same time, he minted a pfennig in memory of his deceased wife.
He is also called by later writers "the Handsome."
A generous patron of art and learning, he counted Erasmus among his friends.
Albert forwarded the theses to Rome, suspecting Luther of heresy.
Albert's rule in Prussia was fairly prosperous.
Cornelis Floris de Vriendt designed his tomb within Königsberg Cathedral.
King's Gate contains a statue of Albert.
Also, precious replicas of the Imperial Regalia are kept here.
The geology of Aachen is very structurally heterogeneous.
There are plans to eliminate traffic jams at the Aachen road interchange.
It has also been used for centuries for leather burnishing tools.
These agates are typically less colorful, with banded lines of grey and white chalcedony.
These occur in brownish tones inter-layered with white and gray.
Aspirin given shortly after a heart attack decreases the risk of death.
For a long time, only one crystal structure for aspirin was known.
High doses may result in ringing in the ears.
However, probably by intervention of God, it went through Asahel.
ii.
xxxiii.
His forces routed the army of the newly appointed Beylerbey of Aleppo, Hüseyin Pasha.
Kalenderoğlu ended up fleeing to Persia.
Mehmed Pasha suddenly died there, whilst preparing to leave for the east.
However, the Ottoman success proved ephemeral.
Under Fazıl Mustafa Pasha's successors, the Ottomans suffered further defeats.
As the confusions, arrests and executions continued, theft and robbery incidents were common.
He tried three grand viziers at short intervals.
One of his tutors was chief mufti Feyzullah Efendi.
Ainu hunters caught hibernating bears or bears that had just left hibernation dens.
Some glass balls came from trade with the Asian continent.
That amount continues to decrease.
An example in Ireland is the Rock of Cashel.
Infections were mostly caused by poor sterilization of acupuncture needles.
It can be associated with the application of heat, pressure, or laser light.
Several different and sometimes conflicting belief systems emerged regarding acupuncture.
Aeneas founded the city of Lavinium, named after his wife.
The company traveled on and landed on the western coast of Italy.
When Aphrodite sees him she is smitten.
Amaranth has a primary root with deeper spreading secondary fibrous root structures.
Robertson and "Amaranthus".
These compounds are reduced in content and antinutrient effect by cooking.
It will not tolerate extended freezing temperatures.
Leaves are suberect and strap shaped.
The plant is a rhizomatous evergreen geophyte from in height.
He is generally depicted with a sceptre and diadem, conventional attributes of kings.
Misfortunes, including a plague and a lack of wind, prevented the army from sailing.
There they respectively married Tyndareus' daughters Clytemnestra and Helen.
He was seized and his possessions were plundered by the government troops.
The Shah pardoned him on the condition that he return peacefully to Mahallat.
The hearing lasted several weeks, and included testimony from Hasan Ali Shah himself.
He attended Eton and the University of Cambridge.
However, he believed in unity through accepting diversity, and by respecting differences of opinion.
The Aga Khan also restricted polygamy, encouraged marriage to widows, and banned child marriage.
But Agassiz refused to give up hope for the mines.
He also built a railroad and dredged a channel to navigable waters.
Thenceforward he became a specialist in marine ichthyology.
He is also a prominent character in Aristophanes' comedy the "Thesmophoriazusae".
A second peace conference in Sparta failed the following year because of Athens.
Agesilaus was of small stature and unimpressive appearance, and was lame from birth.
In Sparta, Pausanias was condemned to death by Lysander's friends and went into exile.
He died in Rome and was buried in Bergamo.
On his return he was appointed secretary to the Congregation of the Propaganda.
The same year he was appointed secretary of the Congregation "super negotiis ecclesiae extraordinariis".
Her mother was Agnes of Rochlitz.
She is called Marie by some of the French chroniclers.
Among the most broad of his portrayals is that of Agrippina.
Sejanus' birthday was honored as if he were a member of the imperial family.
The following year, Germanicus was sent to govern over the eastern provinces.
Domitius had acknowledged the paternity of the child.
The panicking emperor decided on whether to eliminate his mother or his step-brother.
Years before she died, Agrippina had visited astrologers to ask about her son's future.
Chefs from the Dachen Islands had a strong influence on American Chinese food.
Here the immigrants started their own small businesses, including restaurants and laundry services.
It's adapted... to be blander, thicker and sweeter for the American public".
Durrani then sent envoys to Beijing to discuss the situation regarding the Afaqi Khojas.
However, they soon began a rebellion and took over Herat as well as Mashad.
The Dalai Lama blessed Galdan's conquest of the Tarim Basin and Turfan Basin.
Aikin lectured on chemistry at Guy's Hospital for thirty-two years.
He was born at Warrington, Lancashire into a distinguished literary family of prominent Unitarians.
His father, Dr John Aikin, was a medical doctor, historian, and author.
Other Lepidoptera whose larvae feed on "Ailanthus" include "Endoclita malabaricus".
The genus is native from east Asia south to northern Australasia.
This also appears in the "Acta sanctorum".
It was centered in the city of Akkad and its surrounding region.
The debris, dust, and sand that followed show no trace of human activity.
The relative order of Akkadian kings is clear.
According to some writers, he raped Cassandra inside the temple.
He was the leader of the Locrian contingent during the Trojan War.
In Etruscan legend, he was known as "Aivas Vilates".
Ajax would wield his magnificent shield, as Teucer stood behind picking off enemy Trojans.
Heracles then bade the parents call their son Ajax after the eagle.
When Patroclus is killed, Hector tries to steal his body.
Burns suggests that Alaric was probably desperate for provisions.
Italy was left without effective indigenous defence forces thereafter.
Stilicho was forced to send some of his Eastern forces home.
There they captured the Roman usurper Peter and had him executed.
This is generally known as the "Breviarium Alaricianum" or Breviary of Alaric.
Albert does this before directly dealing with the moral concepts of metaphysics.
For the breadth of these achievements, he was bestowed the name "Doctor Universalis."
However, there is scant evidence that he personally performed alchemical experiments.
Alboin's problems in maintaining control over his people worsened during the siege of Ticinum.
Subsequently, Longinus sent Albsuinda and the treasure to Constantinople.
The Byzantines were almost certainly deeply involved in the plot.
After such measures the town became the most prosperous Portuguese settlement in India.
At this time, his political enemies at the Portuguese court were planning his downfall.
With Afonso's encouragement, mixed marriages flourished.
Ancient scholars quoted Alcaeus in support of various arguments.
The broad outlines of the poet's life are well known.
The works of Alcaeus are conventionally grouped according to five genres.
According to Pausanias, the poet Asius made Alcmene the daughter of Amphiaraus and Eriphyle.
Alcmene refused to marry Amphitryon until he had avenged the death of her brothers.
Her mother was Anaxo, daughter of Alcaeus and Astydamia.
iii.
xxv.
After the marriage, Manutius lived at Torresani's house.
Manutius owned one fifth of Torresani's share.
Protection outside the Republic was more problematic, however.
He also built refectories for the canons at York and Southwell.
May you have God's curse."
No contemporary documents relating to Ealdred's time as abbot have been discovered.
He left a son, Neoptolemus, and a daughter, Cadmea.
He then took Heraclea from the Lucanians, and Terina and Sipontum from the Bruttii.
Neoptolemus I ruled jointly with his brother Arybbas.
After recruiting mercenaries, Alexander and Heracleides departed to Ephesus.
Alexander's commanders of Antioch, Diodotus and Hierax, surrendered the city to Ptolemy.
From there, they invaded Phoenicia by sea, seizing Ptolemais Akko.
Her brothers then entered and killed Alexander.
His body was cast into the streets, and exposed to every indignity.
The actor was threatened with punishment because Alexander was so moved while watching.
It appears that he was in alliance with the Aetolians.
The former bear a youthful head covered with the skin of an elephant's head.
There are extant silver and copper coins of this king.
This was another step in Poland's progression towards a "Noble's Democracy".
Another memorial is located in the city of Irkutsk at the Angara embankment.
I may love my darling wife more and more...
In his childhood, he had had an unpleasant experience on a bad-tempered mount.
Alexander was, like his brothers Edgar and David, a notably pious king.
For all his religiosity, Alexander was not remembered as a man of peace.
Walter Bower says the attackers were from Moray and Mearns.
He also had an illegitimate daughter Marjorie, who married Alan Durward.
The incident was portrayed in the saga as Divine punishment.
They had no children.
During that time, Milan was regarded as the "de facto" ruler of the country.
His parents were second cousins.
This arbitrary act increased dissatisfaction in the country.
Alexander artfully prolonged the talks until the autumn storms should begin.
Haakon rejected the claim, and in the following year responded with a formidable invasion.
It is assumed that his horse lost its footing in the dark.
At Athens he became head of the Peripatetic school and lectured on Peripatetic philosophy.
He defended a view of moral responsibility we would call libertarianism today.
Since then, other works of his have been translated into English.
Alexander's peacetime reign was prosperous.
He was extremely tolerant of Jews and Christians alike.
Some scholars have rejected Herodian's view that Alexander expanded senatorial powers.
In the Iliad, the character Paris is known also as Alexander.
Most later Alexanders in various countries were directly or indirectly named after him.
Some anapaestic verses in praise of Euripides are preserved in Gellius.
Alexander's first expedition was against the city of Ptolemais.
Ptolemy also initiated an unsuccessful attack on Sepphoris.
The remaining rebels who numbered eight thousand, fled by night in fear of Alexander.
He obliged, sending a complete assurance for the family with his own cross.
The "hyperpyron" was slightly smaller than the "solidus".
The basis for this recovery were various reforms initiated by Alexios.
The main sources of the fragments of Alexis are Stobaeus and Athenaeus.
They attest to the author's wit and refinement, which Athenaeus praises.
He ascended to the throne as a minor.
He entered Constantinople, received with almost divine honours, and overthrew the government.
In the end, none of those "pseudo-Alexioi" managed to become emperor.
Byzantine authority survived, but in a much weakened state.
These actions inevitably led to the financial ruin of the state.
Thus Alexios Angelos was a member of the extended imperial family.
Alexios Doukas Mourtzouphlos emerged as a leader of the anti-Latin movement in the city.
At first they were well received, with Alexios V marrying Eudokia Angelina.
He achieved power through a palace coup, killing his predecessors in the process.
Alexei's servants were beheaded or had their tongues cut out.
In winter I shall live in Moscow, and in summer in Iaroslavl."
This included the words of Afrosinia, who had turned state's evidence.
After the second veto, Tyler's entire cabinet, with the exception of Daniel Webster, resigned.
He had ordered the dismissal of Robert B. Randolph from the navy for embezzlement.
Van Buren decided to write the "Hamlet letter," opposing annexation.
Johnson's support was mostly from the South, and fell away as the ballots passed.
Northerners sought to admit California, a free state, to the Union.
The Cabinet was divided on the issue.
His earliest years coincided with the Russian Civil War.
It has nothing to do with blood.
Not at all!"
Former Wanderers' player Jason White was captain of the Scotland national rugby union team.
The city is regularly visited by Scotland's National Arts Companies.
With large grass pitches it is widely used for field sports.
For the additional confusion regarding popes named John, see Pope John numbering.
His name was Gregory of Cappadocia.
The emperors frequently imposed their own nominees to further their own causes.
Other groups include aquatic reptiles, amphibians, and miscellaneous invertebrates, such as echinoderms and jellyfish.
The high annual losses increases the demand for vaccines.
This results from fish wastes and uneaten feed inputs.
One way uses an effective analogue of measure theory; another uses effective martingales.
The broader area encompassing descriptional complexity and probability is often called Kolmogorov complexity.
This function enumerates all proofs.
He had tried to reverse the official endorsement of Christianity by the Roman Empire.
The theme, which purports to be autobiographical, is that of rejected love.
Alfred also oversaw the conversion of Viking leader Guthrum to Christianity.
Alfred devoted considerable attention and thought to judicial matters.
The jewel certainly dates from Alfred's reign.
His terracotta models, some of them finished works of art, were prized by collectors.
The allegorical figures of "Magnanimity" and "Liberality" have an impassive, ethereal dignity.
These works established his reputation.
Algiers also has the first water park in the country.
In one of the chapels was a tomb containing the bones of San Geronimo.
The first step of the project is nearly complete.
He used this to find the volume of a paraboloid.
However, Ibn al-Haytham was forced to concede the impracticability of his project.
This work enjoyed a great reputation during the Middle Ages.
Among his collaborators was Giovanni Maria Butteri and his main pupil was Giovanni Bizzelli.
Many of the Seven Saints of Marrakesh were men of letters.
The Berghouata resisted.
The muwashshah was an important form of poetry and music in the Almoravid period.
Historical use of various aloe species is well documented.
Many aloe species are highly decorative and are valued by collectors of succulents.
The most widely known species is "Aloe vera", or "true aloe".
Alyattes drove the Cimmerians from Asia Minor, with the help of war dogs.
Alyattes is therefore sometimes mentioned as the originator of coinage, or of currency.
On the summit of the mound were large phalli of stone.
In many countries, there are specific laws dealing with child prostitution.
Reliable data for ages at marriage is scarce.
This has led to gender-neutral laws in many jurisdictions.
He replaced Flavius Martinus after that vicarius' suicide.
Like most Ostrogoths, Amalasuintha was an Arian Christian.
Shortly after Amalasuintha's murder, Theodahad was replaced by Witigis, Amalasuintha's son-in-law.
With the people's support, Witigis had Theodahad put to death.
Afonso actively campaigned against the Moors in the south.
He was also, most likely, waiting for the reaction of the Galician families.
It is not known who was the tutor of Afonso.
He designed the first set of Portuguese written laws.
These actions led to a serious diplomatic conflict between the pope and Portugal.
These eventually created a state within the state.
Afonso showed extraordinary vision for the time.
Afonso, of course, did not refuse the papal order and consequently marched to Portugal.
They had no surviving children.
Afonso died almost immediately after, in Lisbon in May.
From Castile, Afonso Sanches orchestrated a series of attempts to usurp the crown.
The first-born of this union was a daughter, Maria.
Afonso V then turned his attentions to North Africa.
Afonso V was persuaded to intervene on behalf of Joanna, his niece.
These achievements granted the king the nickname of "the African" or "Africano".
Afonso spent the rest of his life and reign practically a prisoner.
As a result, Afonso sent his mother to a convent.
However, the king was physically and mentally weak.
Alfonso fled to Álava where he found shelter with his maternal relatives.
Also, during Alfonso's reign, the alleged resting place of St. James was revealed.
He built San Tirso, where he is buried, and Santullano, on the outskirts.
It is also known as "Namalinganushasana".
Cánovas was the real architect of the new regime of the Restoration.
From there, he was sent to the Theresianum in Vienna to continue his studies.
His mother's accession created the second cause of instability, the Carlist Wars.
He eventually recovered.
Maria Christina was eventually persuaded to drop her opposition.
The office was located in the Royal Palace.
A series of deaths put Alfonso directly in line for the throne.
It is said he ruled "from Belorado to Pallars and from Bayonne to Monreal."
It was the start of the military orders in Aragon.
Alan W. Meerow et al.
Ovules are approx.
Style is declinate, stigma is three-lobed.
However Alfonso died before meeting his bride.
Eleanor had been briefly married to Alfonso's elder brother James the monk.
Nor was this all.
She convinced her husband to grant very large and significant territories to her sons.
According to the Greek historian, he was of common origins.
His birthplace was Siuph at Saïs.
Under Amasis, Egypt's agricultural based economy reached its zenith.
In the battle of Ponza that ensued, Alfonso was defeated and taken prisoner.
Sforza and Joanna ransomed Caracciolo and retreated to the fortress of Aversa.
They failed to produce children.
A ruined Byzantine church marks its site.
The pre-history of Amathus survives in both myth and archaeology.
Their inscriptions are in both Eteocyprian and Greek languages.
For reasons of conservation, they are only occasionally played in public.
He was the most eminent of the family.
What became of this first violin is not known.
Notes
She was the mother of Hippolyta, Antiope, Melanippe, and Penthesilea.
The fleet included three ships, that were crowded with Amazon prisoners.
In one of his affronts, he sends Agent Starling a letter.
The ancient Chinese called the substance "dragon's spittle fragrance".
The substance is considered an aphrodisiac in some cultures.
The Eburones disappeared from history after this genocidal event.
They do not appear in Roman records after this point.
Trusting Ambiorix, Sabinus and Cotta's troops left the next morning.
He was born in Mýto, Rokycany District, Bohemia.
It is a mammal and a herbivore.
Not all of the Amazon's tributaries flood at the same time of the year.
There are no bridges across the entire width of the river.
Geoffrey of Monmouth and Simeon of Durham are Alfred's chief sources.
He wrote a considerable number of works on the Bible and religious subjects generally.
Ibn Kathir, in his "Al Bidaya Wal Nihayah", disregards this.
In Medina, Muhammad decided to construct a mosque.
Muhammad later restated this title when he said that Abu Bakr is the "Ateeq".
Attribution
He died soon after.
In his study of Greek literature his master was Emmanuel Chrysoloras.
Other early nuns were the Blessed Juliana of Puriselli, Benedetta Bimia, and Lucia Alciata.
The nuns were esteemed by St Charles Borromeo.
Various monasteries were founded on these lines, but without any formal bond between them.
Despite the elusive identity of Ambrosiaster, several facts about him can be established.
The attribution of other fragments to Ambrosiaster, though, is more tentative.
This commentary was erroneously attributed for a long time to St Ambrose.
In this account, Ambrosius is still an adolescent but has supernatural powers.
Suggesting that he was deceased by that time.
They destroy Vortigern and become friends with Merlin.
Deut.
The Ammonites soon allied themselves with Eglon of Moab in attacking Israel.
They were subdued and paid tribute to Jotham.
In "De Interpretatione", Ammonius contends that divine foreknowledge makes void the contingent.
Of his reputedly numerous writings, only his commentary on Aristotle's "De Interpretatione" survives intact.
He was from the Brucheion quarter of Alexandria.
It is quite possible that Ammonius Saccas taught both Origens.
Many scholars have interpreted it as indicating he was a porter in his youth.
Hillers.
This phrase becomes important within future prophetic and apocalyptic literature.
To Amos "The Day of the Lord" will be a day of doom.
The Athenian population remained very much in the minority in the city.
The large size of the tumulus indicates the prominence of the burials made there.
The port was also used as naval base during his campaigns in Asia.
He is praised for his faith in the Epistle to the Hebrews.
The other three ancient Israelites who died without sin, being Benjamin, Jesse and Chileab.
He married Eurydice and they had a son Alexander.
He was a son of Alcetas I of Macedon.
He was the first of its rulers to have diplomatic relations with other states.
Amyntas shipped the timber to the house of the Athenian Timotheus, in Piraeus.
In response, Amyntas sought additional allies.
Prevented from marrying into Kotys' family, Amyntas soon adopted Iphicrates as his son.
But give it to your fellow-citizens instead, or let the immortal gods have it.
None of his works have survived.
You want to give me something.
About of precipitation falls annually.
After two days of fighting the town was recaptured by the Iraqi army.
The name has been connected with the widely worshipped war goddess Anat.
Another example is the recitations during the First Council.
The word "ānanda" means 'bliss, joy' in Pāli and in Sanskrit.
Ānanda was teaching till the end of his life.
Anaxagoras brought philosophy and the spirit of scientific inquiry from Ionia to Athens.
Anaxagoras is mentioned by Socrates during his trial in Plato's "Apology".
Anaxagoras is said to have remained in Athens for thirty years.
The reports of his philosophical views suggest that he was a forerunner of Pyrrhonism.
Together with Pyrrho, he accompanied Alexander the Great into Asia.
Very little is known about his philosophical views.
Species in this genus occur in southeast Asia.
The type species is "Ancyra appendiculata", the species name meaning "bearing appendages".
According to Suda, no one before Anaximenes had invented improvised speeches.
The "ethical" fragments preserved in Stobaeus' "Florilegium" may represent "some philosophical book."
This attribution has, however, been disputed by some scholars.
Anaximenes thought air was the primary substance that held the universe together.
Aristotle interpreted Anaximenes's theory as all substance being different manifestations of air.
The Anaximenes crater on the Moon is named in his honor.
Several engagements took place outside the town and the Romans were eventually victorious.
The Latins initially made an incursion on Roman lands.
The war then focused on the Latin town of Medullia.
The largest piece of burr wood was again a dining table for eight.
The rainforests are similar in composition to those of the west coast of Burma.
There are burr wood and buttress root formations in Andaman Padauk.
He wrote other works that have since been lost.
Math."
Andocides was found guilty, and sent into exile for the fourth time.
He was acquitted.
On his return he was accused of illegal conduct during his embassy.
Ladislaus's mother, Constance of Aragon, fled from Hungary, taking her son to Austria.
The following year, Pope Honorius urged Andrew to launch a new crusade.
They held a war council in Acre, with Andrew leading the meeting.
He ends the section with his own reservations towards Cartesian and Lockean epistemologies.
The latter investigates both actions and thoughts.
This was not an idle concern for Hume.
He first staked his claim in Syria.
He was also received favourably in Byzantium.
In the ensuing Battle of Pydna, Andrisus was decisively defeated.
An alliance with Bulgaria failed to secure any gains for the Byzantine empire.
Byzantine sources do not attest to the meeting.
However, this victory failed to stem significantly the Ottoman advance in Asia Minor.
Andronikos' reign was marked by the beginning of the decline of the Byzantine Empire.
In spite of some successes, the Catalans were unable to secure lasting gains.
There they conquered the Duchy of Athens and Thebes.
His early years were spent alternately in pleasure and in military service.
The Emperor was again angered by this dishonour, and Andronikos was compelled to flee.
When Andronikos arrived he found that Isaac had been proclaimed emperor.
From this model is derived the custom of placing weather cocks on steeples.
It is octagonal, with figures carved on each side, representing the eight principal winds.
Little is known about Andronicus' life.
None of these works is extant.
Tyrannion commenced this task, but apparently did not do much towards it.
The name has the sense of "male victor, warrior".
Ammianus campaigned in the East twice under Ursicinus.
Modern scholarship generally describes Ammianus as a pagan who was tolerant of Christianity.
The Persians started to besiege the city.
A post-flight investigation revealed the engine was one cycle away from catastrophic failure.
The fuel capsule contained about of plutonium oxide.
The quantity probe was upgraded from aluminum to stainless steel.
Instead, Roger Chaffee was given the position and Eisele was reassigned to Schirra's crew.
Schirra later wrote, "we'd resist anything that interfered with our main mission objectives.
The patch was designed by Allen Stevens of Rockwell International.
Additional time was spent in simulators in other locations.
The astronauts slept well, but complained of being woken by non-English transmissions.
They also participated in testing of the modules at the launch site.
Radiographs are often used to follow progression or help assess severity.
Smoking has been linked to an increased susceptibility of developing arthritis, particularly rheumatoid arthritis.
They are all types of rheumatic disease.
It is a hydrocarbon and the simplest alkyne.
The reaction is catalyzed by mercury salts.
These derivatives form products such as acrylic fibers, glasses, paints, resins, and polymers.
Other alternative names are "Western Arabic numerals", "Western numerals" and "Hindu–Arabic numerals".
They were modified into Arabic numerals later in North Africa.
Unicode just uses the unadorned term "digits".
He is introduced to the "Navigium Isidis".
Lucius experiments with magic and is accidentally turned into an ass.
The mother of Pontianus, Pudentilla, was a very rich widow.
His prey had cushioned his fall, probably sparing him a broken back.
It was the first full-length animated feature to be produced in Uruguay.
The would-be captors then gave up and sailed away.
It also acts as an anti-satellite weapon.
It is located at Cavalier Air Force Station, North Dakota.
The new project encompassing all of these upgrades was launched as Nike-X.
Areas are seldom measured with sufficient accuracy for the different definitions to be detectable.
The German word for acre is "Morgen".
The most common use of the acre is to measure tracts of land.
Prokaryotes can utilize a variety of electron acceptors.
The pathway is called beta-oxidation.
The presence of Mg regulates kinase activity.
In "Helgakviða Hundingsbana I", a great wave is referred to as "Ægir's terrible daughter".
In attendance also were Ægir's servers, Fimafeng and Eldir.
The meaning of the Old Norse name "Gymir" is unclear.
Duchesne died of tuberculosis, a disease now treated by antibiotics.
For example, an antibiotic target may be absent from the bacterial genome.
To avoid surgery, antibiotics may be given for non-complicated acute appendicitis.
And I did!"
He devotes one chapter called "The Secret" to his extramarital affair.
No one was harmed in the incident.
This temple was of great antiquity.
Methods of recruitment that confusingly resembled those of a sect were also described.
Pinckney was jailed for two months until being released on bail.
The Orlando Magic are owned by the DeVos family.
He did not wear the Adam Smith necktie."
Smith was born in Kirkcaldy, in Fife, Scotland.
While Smith was not adept at public speaking, his lectures met with success.
Despite these experiments, Lavoisier's antiphlogistic approach remained unaccepted by many other chemists.
Lack of money prevented alterations from being made.
Lavoisier's experiments supported the law of conservation of mass.
He was a Professor at Marburg and Leipzig.
He was survived by four children.
They had four children.
Bachchan has invested in many upcoming business ventures.
He narrated part of the film "Bawarchi."
His supporting role won him his second Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actor.
For example, in English, a past tense morpheme is "-ed".
The term was originally used to describe variations in chemical structure.
Thus, allomorphy was no longer directly relatable to phonological processes.
For example, English has both oral and nasal allophones of its vowels.
In doing so, he placed a cornerstone in consolidating early phoneme theory.
Only some of the variation is significant, by being detectable or perceivable, to speakers.
Affixes which cannot be segmented are marked with a back slash.
In other cases, the lexical suffixes have become grammaticalized to various degrees.
they always appear as affixes.
In the case of "interpreting allegorically," Theagenes appears to be our earliest example.
The story of the apple falling onto Isaac Newton's head is another famous allegory.
Xenophanes fr.
Another contributing factor is the ability of an element to catenate.
Such nanoallotropes may help create ultra-small electronic devices and find other industrial applications.
Therefore, the stability of the particular allotropes depends on particular conditions.
Agathocles was married three times.
The Cyrenean troops, left without a leader, went over to Agathocles.
War with Carthage followed.
Building stones mined in Alberta include Rundle stone, and Paskapoo sandstone.
Much of that coal is burned in Alberta for electricity generation.
The development of transportation in Alberta has been crucial to its historical economic development.
He also took part in the founding of the Institut Catholique.
This made his father flee with the family to Arcueil during the French Revolution.
Without his oath, the king refused to approve his election.
It was concluded that the device was a feasible weapon under these conditions.
The plywood ship had a coating of tar paint, which may have aided combustion.
The puzzle represents an example of an early problem in combinatorics.
However, public funding for research exists.
Many medications may cause minor but bothersome symptoms such as cough or upset stomach.
Some have proposed adopting a prize system to reward medical research.
Starting with a Platonic solid, truncation involves cutting away of corners.
The duals of the Archimedean solids are called the Catalan solids.
The last construction we use here is truncation of both corners and edges.
The dual polyhedra of the antiprisms are the trapezohedra.
Uniform antiprisms form an infinite class of vertex-transitive polyhedra, as do uniform prisms.
Baboons and mandrills, with few exceptions, are peculiar to Africa.
South of the Atlas Range the conditions alter.
The scorpion is abundant.
Geographies of Change.
Its highest mountain is Mount Kilimanjaro, its largest lake is Lake Victoria.
New York: Oxford University Press.
As a result, this can be considered a stable strategic voting scenario.
Other strategies are also available and coincide with the optimal strategy in special situations.
Were 'b' to win, this hypothetical voter would still be satisfied.
Furthermore, the Tempe campus is home to Barrett, The Honors College.
The Polytechnic campus sits on the former Williams Air Force Base.
The new logo is used on various sport facilities, uniforms and athletics documents.
Astoria operates under a council–manager form of city government.
Clatsop Community College is the city's two-year college.
Even after the first fire, the same building format was used.
It was one of the first publications to focus solely on role-playing games.
See for yourself why it rates a Major Triumph."
Eventually the army discharged him for medical reasons.
In 'pataphysics, every event in the universe is accepted as an extraordinary event.
The character Ubu Roi first appears in this play.
Amalric then marched to Cairo, where Shawar offered Amalric two million pieces of gold.
He is considered the last of the early kings of Jerusalem.
Shirkuh negotiated for peace and Alexandria was handed over to Amalric.
Aimery sent Reynald Barlais to take possession of Jaffa.
Guy settled in Cyprus in early May.
He was captured in a battle and held in captivity in Damascus.
Anthemius was a capable mathematician.
Eutocius's commentary on Apollonius's "Conics" was dedicated to Anthemius.
His brothers were Dioscorus, Alexander, Olympius, and Metrodorus.
Absalon was equally great as churchman, statesman, and warrior.
He had already given Copenhagen to the Bishopric of Roskilde.
He was also a kinsman of Archbishop Eskil of Lund.
Adhemar eventually was able to rejoin the Crusaders.
Adhemar was buried in Antioch within the Basilica of St Peter.
However, the lower-class soldiers continued to think of Adhemar as a leader.
Alphonse's death without heirs raised some questions as to the succession to his lands.
As count of Toulouse, he also governed the Marquisate of Provence.
His main work was on his own estates.
Bernard even went there to preach against the heresy, an early expression of Catharism.
He was given the name "Jourdain" after being baptised in the Jordan River.
Ambroise followed Richard I as a noncombatant, and not improbably as a court-minstrel.
It became sleeker and less ornamental.
Many of his designs looked like highly polished pieces of machines.
Wellington has retained a sizeable number of Art Deco buildings.
Even manual typewriters or daisy wheel printers could be used.
The style developed further after the introduction and adaptation of Unicode.
The underlying technique dates back to the old systems that incorporated control characters, though.
Differences in orthography are also minor.
These words usually lack an English equivalent and are found in popular restaurants.
Vocabulary differences vary by region.
His nephew, also named Albert Spalding, was a renowned violinist.
However, once he began donning gloves, he influenced other players to do so.
Joining Chicago initially were the leading teams from Cincinnati, Louisville, and St. Louis.
Acquire is one of the Mind Sports Olympiad games.
In the current Avalon edition, the companies are once again hotel chains.
Position of the starting tiles determines order of play.
Australian English is the country's common language and "de facto" national language.
Diminutives and hypocorisms are common and are often used to indicate familiarity.
The words "bath", "grass" and "can't" are always pronounced with the "long" of "father".
Everybody was running away in different directions.
It will be in business tomorrow."
Olson absored the news quietly, though Ted wondered if she'd been shocked into silence.
His group consisted of about twenty Muhajirs.
The Roman Empire made no further concerted attempts to conquer Germania beyond the Rhine.
Viriathus later defeated Servilianus with a surprise attack.
So far, all catalytic antibodies produced have displayed only modest, weak catalytic activity.
The antibodies are ineffective because of the virus' ability to change their coats rapidly.
The reasons for low catalytic activity for these molecules have been widely discussed.
Many species have been lost to extinction and many of the surviving species endangered.
The other finches in the Galapagos are similarly uniquely adapted for their particular niche.
This ecological release provides the potential for ecological speciation and thus adaptive radiation.
Higher concentration gels would have higher electroendosmotic flow.
Samples are also easily recovered.
This means a lower voltage and more time, but a better product.
Examples include red-green color blindness and fragile X syndrome.
The degree and pattern of dominance varies among loci.
This type of interaction was first formally-described by Gregor Mendel.
Ampicillin is relatively inexpensive.
It should not be used in people who are allergic to penicillin.
Less common side effects can be nausea, vomiting, itching, and blood dyscrasias.
Antibiotic resistance is a subset of antimicrobial resistance.
Based on these results, a second trial was conducted which failed to show efficacy.
Small populations of "Escherichia coli" in an antibiotic gradient can become resistant.
Antigen specificity is due primarily to the side-chain conformations of the antigen.
Intracellular antigens can be returned to circulation upon the destruction of the infected cell.
The presence of antigens in the body normally triggers an immune response.
Autosomal aneuploidy can also result in disease conditions.
Partial aneuploidy can also occur as a result of unbalanced translocations during meiosis.
These chromosomes are typically viewed as karyograms for easy comparison.
Al-Qaeda's name can also be transliterated as "al-Qaida", "al-Qa'ida", or "el-Qaida".
The optimistic voices were already saying it was over for al-Qaeda.
This situation allowed the Taliban to organize.
The voltaic pile replaced the goblets with cardboard soaked in brine.
This may be called Volta's Law of the electrochemical series.
Volta's remains were buried in Camnago Volta.
Plutarch attributed it to the Egyptian "Boat of Osiris."
Similarly, faint unlettered stars were listed only as in "Argûs".
The genitive was "Argus Navis", abbreviated "Arg".
Several constellations are associated with the myth.
She is thus chained to a rock by the sea to await her death.
They next go to Argos, where Perseus is the rightful heir to the throne.
It is slightly variable.
Its name means "pump" in Latin and Greek; it represents an air pump.
Zeta Antliae is a wide optical double star.
Exoplanets have been discovered in seven star systems in the constellation.
Hyginus depicted the same though his featured devils on either side of the flames.
Sunlike Mu Arae hosts four known planets.
Generally, Arkansas, has hot, humid summers and slightly drier, mild to cool winters.
The Caddo, Osage, and Quapaw peoples encountered European explorers.
The southern lowlands include the Gulf Coastal Plain and the Arkansas Delta.
The Milky Way covers much of the constellation's area.
The galaxies in the constellation are faint.
Two star systems have been found to have planets.
Takhti Stadium, the main stadium is the city and the team.
There is an international airport in Abadan.
Winters are mildly wet and spring-like, though subject to cold spells.
Fleming treated him with sulphonamides, but Lambert's condition deteriorated.
He suspected it to be "P. chrysogenum," but a colleague Charles J.
This produced enough of the drug to begin testing on animals.
Carnegie spent his last years as a philanthropist.
He had observed how efficiently Carnegie produced profits.
He wanted to be identified by the world as a "positivist".
If there's no friction and no voicing, there's nothing to hear."
In American English, the rhotic approximant corresponds to the rhotic vowel.
There are problems in distinguishing voiceless approximants from voiceless fricatives.
He appointed John Flamsteed, instructing him "."
Aeon may also be an archaic name for omnipotent beings, such as gods.
In Homer it typically refers to life or lifespan.
This contrasts with the conventional Christian belief in eternal life and eternal punishment.
Airlines employ lawyers to deal with regulatory procedures and other administrative tasks.
Four or five years of poor earnings precede five or six years of improvement.
In the United States, the airline industry is dominated by four large firms.
In later years, she campaigned for the Australian Greens.
In the process, severe internal divisions were generated.
These losses left Sandra Kanck, in South Australia, as the party's only parliamentarian.
Almost all educational institutions in the Australian Capital Territory are located within Canberra.
Frost is common in the winter months.
Higher education is the territory's largest export industry.
Alcohol may be metabolised more slowly if liver function is impaired.
Fox canceled "Ally McBeal" after five seasons.
Music was a prominent feature of "Ally McBeal".
They also released a special complete series edition on the same day.
In it, the author informs a young pupil, Walter, of the pitfalls of love.
The meaning of "De Amore" has been debated over the centuries.
This second work is largely considered to be an inferior to the first.
California has three affiliates.
It defended several anti-war activists during the Vietnam War.
This support continues even today.
Following a fierce backlash Adobe decided to provide the software patch.
Illustrator, which grew from the firm's in-house font-development software, helped popularize PostScript-enabled laser printers.
The company has expanded into digital marketing management software.
But the evidence in these areas is limited and more studies are needed.
It's also a specific time to practice Alexander's principle of conscious "directing" without "doing".
The Alexander technique is included in that list.
He is regarded as the founder of the French school of legal humanists.
Magnitude is complicated by the fact that light is not monochromatic.
The magnitude scale is a reverse logarithmic scale.
The measurement of apparent magnitude is called photometry.
Instead, general relativity must be taken into account.
Planetary bodies can be approximated reasonably well as ideal diffuse reflecting spheres.
The activity of comets varies with their distance from the Sun.
Every element of the program was in trouble and so were we."
Grissom had removed his restraints and was lying on the floor of the spacecraft.
Television cameras were carried aboard all crewed Apollo missions.
Its location is unknown as it was not tracked.
The astronauts mention the odd whistling sound that lasted nearly an hour.
The patch is trimmed in gold.
Afterwards, the astronauts' performance in choosing samples and taking photographs would be critiqued.
The outward journey to the Moon otherwise saw few problems.
The star was placed there at the suggestion of his replacement, Bean.
But when he gently brought the modules together, the docking mechanism would not activate.
Roosa took pictures from lunar orbit.
The pin is leaving Earth and is approaching the Moon.
After Irwin's exclamation, Scott reported, "Okay, Houston.
The mission also completed a long list of other tasks, including experiments.
Worden found El-Baz to be an enjoyable and inspiring teacher.
After their arrival, the duo took photographs of the wide and deep crater.
Highland plains.
Mattingly alleviated this by realigning the guidance system using the Sun and Moon.
First, the rover's fender needed a better fix.
The background includes the Moon, the planet Saturn, and a galaxy or nebula.
The issue was quickly determined to be a minor technical error.
In contrast, the prevailing attitude among Patriots was a desire to seize the initiative.
The British built much of their strategy around using these Loyalists.
The colonists associated political corruption with luxury and inherited aristocracy, which they condemned.
Ayckbourn, however, continues to write and direct his own work at the theatre.
However, the West End production flopped, in part down to misguided casting.
In this play, Ayckbourn himself played the character Jerry Watiss.
Alpha Centauri is a likely first target for crewed or robotic interstellar exploration.
Alpha Centauri was only the second binary star to be discovered, preceded by Acrux.
Over centuries, this causes their apparent positions to slowly change.
Debian and Yellow Dog Linux can run on the AmigaOne.
It had existed before the Sony PlayStation and Sega Saturn, but had influenced them.
The Replay board is designed to implement many older computers and classic arcade machines.
The outer region of cell body is often vacuolated.
There are several genera included within this classification.
These axopodia are used for prey capture, in movement, cell fusion and perhaps division.
In the Netherlands, many streets are named after him.
Tasman got the assistance of the governor Adriaan van der Stel.
There is debate as to the origin of the map.
It is analogous to the included concept of real or complex algebraic variety.
The "projective varieties" are the projective algebraic sets whose defining ideal is prime.
This is a cubic curve.
Bike Texas, a state-level advocacy organization, also has its main office in Austin.
The murder remains unsolved.
This city was never about money.
Arguments from morality tend to be based on moral normativity or moral order.
German philosopher Immanuel Kant devised an argument from morality based on practical reason.
It could be the consent of humanity that gives it moral force, for example.
Only two Jewish calendars made in Auschwitz survived to the end of the war.
Prisoners were also made to work in forestry and farming.
The nationality of the inmate was indicated by a letter stitched onto the cloth.
However, not everyone agrees with this line of thought.
Left hand draw = arrow on left side of bow.
Some bows use mechanical methods to make the draw length consistent.
Aalto's work with wood, was influenced by early Scandinavian architects.
Hugo Alvar Henrik Aalto was born in Kuortane, Finland.
Many of his clients were industrialists, among them the Ahlström-Gullichsen family.
In speech, this is also reflected in the intonation.
Some differences in usage and meaning can cause confusion or embarrassment.
The term "general election" is used slightly differently in British and American English.
An atomic register provides strong guarantees even when there is concurrency and failures.
Atomic semantics are very strong.
Areas of open water left from ice melt are good areas for phytoplankton blooms.
Size and distribution of phytoplankton are also related to fronts.
The current is strongly constrained by landform and bathymetric features.
Arbor Day in Samoa is celebrated on the first Friday in November.
It was subsequently revised by Proclamation No.
Sterling Morton in Nebraska City, Nebraska.
Ayer also had a daughter with Hollywood columnist Sheilah Graham Westbrook.
Ayer and Tyson then began to talk, allowing Campbell to slip out.
I suggest that we talk about this like rational men".
Eventually the adelic approach became basic in automorphic representation theory.
He was an agnostic, and he respected religions.
While in Germany, Weil befriended Carl Ludwig Siegel.
Sons of Hellen and the nymph Orseis were Dorus, Xuthos, and Aeolus.
Sons of Xuthos and Kreousa, daughter of Erechthea, were Ion and Achaeus.
They then moved into the region later called Achaea.
His other brother, Arne, was a professor of engineering.
Selberg had two children, Ingrid Selberg and Lars Selberg.
Two of his three brothers, Sigmund and Henrik, were also mathematicians.
Aeschylus took refuge at the altar in the orchestra of the Theater of Dionysus.
It follows the Daughters of Nereus, the sea god, who lament Patroclus' death.
The play consists mostly of static dialogue.
Sicilian amber was also discovered in Mycenae by the archaeologist Heinrich Schliemann.
The Sicilian amber trade was directed to Greece, North Africa and Spain.
The oldest trade in amber started from Sicily.
And the Christian faith is all about love.
Crandall is operated by the Canadian Baptists of Atlantic Canada.
The institution was the first, and thus far only, English-language university in Moncton.
He stopped at his local library where he found a book about the theorem.
The modularity theorem involved elliptic curves, which was also Wiles's own specialist area.
Wiles attended King's College School, Cambridge, and The Leys School, Cambridge.
Anne's studies at home included music and drawing.
At home also were Charlotte and Emily, who had left their positions, and Branwell.
They told nobody what they were doing.
Augustine was a strong advocate of critical thinking skills.
He often said that anyone can be saved if they wish.
Hippo Regius, where Augustine was the bishop, was in modern-day Annaba, Algeria.
Actors and actresses need to make a resume when applying for roles.
One of the first known actors was an ancient Greek called Thespis of Icaria.
Training may also start at a very young age.
Additionally, their land, naval ships, and the mines of Thasos were confiscated by Athens.
After Byzantion, Sparta was eager to end its involvement in the war.
Thasos, a member of the League, saw her interests in the mines of Mt.
After receiving a degree in engineering, he worked in shipbuilding.
He was made an honorary professor at Braunschweig University of Technology.
Horch was born in Winningen, Rhenish Prussia.
Generally they try to automate flight operations while keeping the pilot constantly informed.
Radio communication was first used in aircraft just prior to World War I.
The military uses radar in fast jets to help pilots fly at low levels.
Ares’ attributes were a helmet, shield, and sword or spear.
He reported the incident to Hephaestus.
When Ares does appear in myths, he typically faces humiliation.
He believed that the deepest themes were motives, anabelian geometry, and Galois–Teichmüller theory.
Their use as a foundation allowed geometry to absorb technical advances from other fields.
This result was his first work in algebraic geometry.
It is something like that with alcoholism.
Less than half were likely to recommend self-help groups to their clients.
Some members founded the group to help in maintaining sobriety.
Compositing is used extensively in film when combining computer-rendered image elements with live footage.
More alpha channels can be added for accurate spectral color filtration applications.
This can be expressed as A over B.
Indexes are also called subscripts.
Memory-wise, arrays are compact data structures with no per-element overhead.
The simplest type of data structure is a linear array, also called one-dimensional array.
Before its adoption as Australia's national anthem, "Advance Australia Fair" had considerable use elsewhere.
It was also frequently played at the start or end of official functions.
Political sentiment is divided.
A technician calls the local telephone number of the automatic number announcement service.
Some large telephone companies have toll-free numbers set up.
The list is presented by area code, number and location.
He left most of his modest estate, including five household slaves, to his wife.
However, profits proved to be elusive.
In the following years, other maps were printed that often incorporated the name America.
He died in Banyuls at the age of eighty-three, in an automobile accident.
Sculpture is labeled with sign: Wiesbaden, no.
or Reichsleiter Rosenberg Taskforce.
The building's design was inspired by combining the Parthenon and the Pantheon together.
The structure was to be a testament to Canova's piety.
The work was not intended for public viewing.
A whole generation of sculptors studied in his workshop.
Charles Baudelaire echoed those themes, and was among Rodin's favorite poets.
He demanded an inquiry and was eventually exonerated by a committee of sculptors.
It is on the city's east side, near the university's Central Campus.
It ranked safer than cities such as Royal Oak, Livonia, Canton and Clinton Township.
The city also offers waste management services, with Recycle Ann Arbor handling recycling service.
However, it did not provide for the further succession after Anne.
It would signal the beginning of the end of the British monarchy.
Thus, Anne was left as the only person in line to the throne.
Government agencies around the world tightened their airport security, procedures and intelligence gathering.
Lieutenant Matiur Rahman attacked Officer Rashid Minhas and attempted to land in India.
The crew were able to subdue the man after a brief struggle.
Apart from the "Hekatompedon" mentioned later, Peisistratos also built an entry gate or propylaea.
The entrance to the Acropolis was a monumental gateway termed the Propylaea.
These include the hills of Lykabettos, Areopagus, and Mouseion.
Source
The following year he married Afra Sausenhofer of Eichstätt.
Weishaupt began his formal education at age seven at a Jesuit school.
As part of their copy protection, illegal copies of Aardvark Software's "Frak!"
The case was designed by industrial designer Allen Boothroyd of Cambridge Product Design Ltd.
This was based on a product originally developed by John Wike of Jafa Systems.
An older race which originally inhabited Sjandra Kei before the arrival of humanity.
The Flenserists capture a young boy named Jefri Olsndot and his wounded sister, Johanna.
Vinge expands on Pham's background story in "A Deepness in the Sky".
Aviation is the art or practice of aeronautics.
Many of his designs, such as a four-person screw-type helicopter, have severe flaws.
Rocket engines push rockets forwards simply by throwing their exhaust backwards extremely fast.
Eadweard Muybridge's Zoopraxiscope projected moving painted silhouettes based on his chronophotography photography.
This made many film makers upset.
Watching the images on the screen turned out to be much preferred by audiences.
He did not write in order to provide Theophilus with historical justification—"did it happen?
It lacks exact analogies in Hellenistic or Jewish literature.
The author is not named in either volume.
